yeah.
Let me switch to.
So I tried to put them into logical order
of starting,
so we're going to start with managing
vendors,
of which there were multiple processes.
But I think you have the full processes
there.
And consolidated it into one service and
again from this we'll probably look at
some localization,
but that be incorporated as the workflow.
So maybe sorry you get the zoom,
the Zoom's gone crazy.
Is that too zoomed out?
You see what new vendor request?
I think supplier management comes under
that, you know,
and the workflow of onboarding them going
through the details of that,
what is required for for them you also
have.
Changes in that,
plus there's been announced Awa 6A Wax
reports.
I think it's triggered which I saw every
Friday and some questions around that.
But basically like on boarding that you
did yesterday or when you remember it's.
Some more onboarding or managing that
vendor?
Would that be a fair assumption that we
consolidate the onboarding of a vendor
supplier as a consolidated service and
really it's discussing everywhere there's
localizations and high level processes
that you do today.
If you take the happy part,
probably at new,
that's you know how you start with it on
boarding a new vendor stoat supplier.
The vendor payee requests to onboard that
we get actually don't come directly from
someone.
It's automated through 3 E so we've got
two workflows.
How we can have a new vendor PE created
in 3 E 1st workflow is directly through P
to P procurement process.
Where someone else is putting in a
request to add or update,
which is lines four and six on the
spreadsheet.
So someone else puts that information in
and sends a request off.
Because AP is our roles and pick up that
request in three and review it.
So it doesn't touch or there's an
automatic notification that comes through
our system currently. Like we can e-mail,
but that's no one would be going into
that user like sending us an e-mail
directly. It's an automated e-mail.
And then second workflow for onboarding
new event payees is just done through.
Getting an invoice so we might get an
invoice where we haven't processed that
for a particular vendor before.
We don't know that until we go to process
the invoice as well.
So there are actually not a lot of
instances.
Let me know if I'm wrong or not that
anyone from the business would actually.
To tell us that we need to create a new
vendor payee, right.
It's not something you proactively do
first. It's triggered by activities.
As you talk 3 or the fact that you've
received the invoice. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
It's it's different to someone sending us
an invoice and asking us to process it,
and most people won't know unless they're
going through our P2P workflow.
Whether a vendor is new or not for us.
So a lot of it is just us.
Knowing and understanding the processes
as to how we know whether a new one needs
to be created or not. OK,
so in that let's take the scenario where
you're driving that you know,
so you've got an invoice that needs to be
paid and then you're going to.
On board that vendor is that as it is
here,
it's capturing that that is a activity
that needs to be done.
So you're creating new vendor,
it's new whether it needs approval.
Is that fair to say that in show will say
that you would create a task?
And then that's processed and assigned to
different members of the team.
The task is created by the invoice
getting sent to us and so essentially the
process is adding an invoice into 3A and
if a new vendor pay needs to be created
off the back of that,
it's kind of like a sub process.
Two different processes,
which is why we have two different kind
of processes on our MPL.
Two different process maps because not
all invoices need a new vendor payee.
It's kind of like an exception to the
rule.
So we've separated those processes out.
But.
The creation of a new vendor pay is only
triggered most of the time is generally
triggered through processing an invoice
first OK because we've got managed
invoices,
of which there's a sort of a journey.
So I'm from what you're saying,
I wonder if that then becomes a sub task
or task of the managing invoice.
Voice process rather than its unique
services. We sit here. Yeah,
I think that would be really helpful
because if we can,
I think there's going to be quite a few
tough one or may hopefully agree that.
We might start off with categorising a
request. It's something specific,
but it involves a second process or a
third.
It changes as we go through adding an
invoice in or you know.
Credit card applications.
It can go across a number of different
work flows,
so we have the possibility to categorise
something as a processing a new invoice
with some migrating. Yeah, sometimes good.
Creating the vendor. Yeah.
And other activities that come out of
that definitely.
And a lot of that categorization would be.
Mostly beneficial to us internally,
it wouldn't really matter to the external
person that's sending us the invoice,
but it would help for us, sure,
and how many you've set up in the month,
how many you've had to do, yeah,
impact on workloads,
impact on you know as you said.
Receiving the invoice to paying that
invoice and the task that had to be
completed to do that, yeah, definitely.
Even if it just comes down to the split
of how many invoices were just straight
up invoices or how many invoices moved
into a different workflow. Yeah,
that would be great.
Honour.
Name because the way it comes in to share,
well,
just now we can only assign it one
category. But as Anna just said,
it could go through a number of different
stages.
So just now we can't capture it properly
because we can only assign it to one
category. So we've.
We're maybe categorising it as a new
invoice,
but in that process there's been
different processes so we can't capture
how long it's actually taken us to deal
with that ticket just now. Yeah.
And in that process that you described
you.
Same person would handle it.
Or you can in service now the ability
that once you've closed it moves from one
state.
It could be assigned to auto assign.
You know based on thresholds that you set.
You know maybe this group of people set
up the vendor or it's assigned to one
person that does the end to end.
So you have that ability within the.
Probably fall out when we go into manage
invoicing based on the categories that
you're mentioning,
it could be auto assigned based on the
matrix that you could have as well. OK,
that's good. Just just wondering never,
sorry.
So with the the new new vendor that
always come through,
that roots of a new invoice being added
or is there possibility of proactive?
I don't need to set that with the second
option and the first option of two
different workflows,
so it's either through the new invoice
process which I would categorise right
now as that vendor pay intake or the 2nd
workflow is that someone.
Else,
within the firm is requesting to add a
new vendor payee throughout procurement P
to P process,
which is where we get the update vendor
and new vendor request items on there.
Perfect anything that we haven't touched
on is the I back which Lorna might need
to talk more about.
Is that how are we saying? Sorry.
Just jumping back to that.
So at the point of which the P2P process
starts where you, you know, in essence,
identify the vendor,
you're going to work with,
that will be a logical trigger obviously
to get it on the system so that you don't
have to do it reactively when an.
Voice lands.
Are we saying that that's that's slightly
sub optimal at the moment in the sense
that you're not everything goes through
that P to P process?
It's 5050, to be honest.
It does save up a bit of work of not
having to create new vendor payees all
the time,
but there's still a bit of work involved,
and the externals don't always get it
right. So.
It's kind of,
it would be great if we could have a
little bit more control over adding all
the vendor payees ourselves.
Yeah.
But at the same time,
it also does save us more time for
someone else to do most of that hard work
for us.
Yeah, you'd want to fix it right up front,
wouldn't you?
So that you you didn't have to react.
And when you say the externals,
Yeah.
who do you mean by those externals?
External to AP,
so like our when I say external
stakeholders more often than not they're
return referring to like internal Asher
They're like partners.
staff. It's just external to AP.
Yeah so because.
Yeah, OK. Understood. So again,
if they if they were, if they were,
if there was some appropriate controls to
ensure that they did what they needed to
upfront,
it would reduce your failure demand and
reactive work downstream, right.
Yeah.
Yeah. OK. Thank you.
Right. But in the event that, you know,
sorry you have,
I was just going to ask one more question
on that PTP.
But so we how does that commence?
The team is that an automated e-mail that
comes in from three, OK,
so that's something that we probably want
to capture.
Cool, yeah.
I think I think that's one of the 32 odd
that come into Cherwell from various
sources.
So you know that's one of the things that
we'd certainly like to explore,
whether there's something we can do more
efficiently.
Yeah, definitely.
If anyone has looked at usher. Well,
the tickets all come up as an action
required. New vendor, payee,
request or action required. Update.
Vendor. Payee.
That's the subject for all of them.
It's all automated. Yeah,
I'm going to ask you what the subject
header. It do differentiate.
It's not just new requests,
but you do get that subject heading.
Within that notification,
every time it's consistent,
so we can built it out and pick up what
we need.
If we're looking at how many show all
requests of like the automated emails
that we've had in a month,
it's really easy to identify.
That's not probably we can invest it
based on the back of that notification to
Yeah, that's that's exactly it's it. It,
Parikh and I already obviously talking to
trigger a task already, yeah.
Alex and the broader teams about what you
know what what level of feeds come out of
those systems. But yeah,
it's certainly something we need to
explore.
Because I think there's we could just be
smarter and then what we want to be able
to do is gather enough metrics that we
can show the level of failure demand and
in essence, which externals, for example,
are not maybe as effective as they could
be.
And then again for that for the benefit
of the whole organisation.
Organisation what could be done to
incentivize?
Perhaps those communities to do that?
It may be our failed to note that the
original request retailers that the
vendor is waiting approval doesn't come
in to share well just now it comes on to
the 3E on the action list to see that
there is a vendor sitting week that
someone has created in the business.
And it comes to the AP role initially.
So then we have to go in and approve it
OK.
as such.
And then it goes to the EP supervisor
role and that is when the ticket goes on
to share will to pay that the approver or
the supervisor line manager,
the EP manager basically has.
To then one and do the final approval.
So that's the only notification that goes
through share will. I don't know.
There's one that goes to the user if we
Yeah, there's.
reject it for any reason.
So if the the upper vendor that we maybe
already have and they haven't and we
return that I'm not sure we don't see the
ones,
but I don't know if they get a
notification.
That,
but the only way for us that comes
I think that.
through to share well is for the final
approval.
There's an opportunity, I think,
to lift the lid on that and just look at
what,
whether there's anything that we can
support with on that because ultimately
you want you want to, you know,
again it comes back to,
you want the earliest notification that
there's some actions so that you're not.
You haven't got a a complex.
Process downstream to cater for, you know,
lack of insight upstream,
if that makes sense.
Yeah, building on what Lorna said.
Because we do get the notifications
through three directly as well.
There's something that pops up very
visible in what we call an action list.
So the e-mail notifications are nice to
have.
But I wouldn't say we necessarily rely on
them on having them so.
If it's,
if it's going to be easier if it's an
option,
we can have a look at maybe stopping the
e-mail notifications because we know that
we need to action it through three anyway.
That's what that's generally what our
first trigger is.
And then the automatic emails are kind of
secondary or supplementary for us.
Right.
Yeah,
I mean this is about managing your
workload, isn't it? And having foresight,
you know? Yeah. For the teams,
for all the other activities that we can
see that you do well in all honesty,
the automatic emails just create extra
tickets for us anyway. Yeah,
Yeah, exactly.
it is just extra work for us to kind of
pick up and close.
The ticket and it doesn't take time,
but it's.
I don't always feel personally from from
my team.
I don't feel like it's reflective of the
work that's going into it because we're
not always the one that are actioning it.
The emails triggered to go, yeah.
Yeah, it's a moot point, really, isn't it?
It's almost.
It almost gives you a false measure
because you're doing the activities you
say from the, from the real alert.
If you like to take action,
and then you've got this subsidiary piece
where you might close it, open it.
You know,
review close it and it just is a false
metric.
So I think where there's the opportunity
and I don't know if this is a design
principle that we might apply that says
if you're,
if you're actioning something directly in
the system like 3E.
Any debt,
any other alerts that are just a
duplicate of that,
IE you've already been triggered and
taking the action,
we should just cease because it adds no
value to you and then the only time that
we would look to say do we do something
to a level of betterment would be if you
have something that you want triggered
where it goes to multi party.
That you can leverage some of
servicenow's workflow capabilities to get
multitask to multi people to take action.
So those are the sorts of things.
But clearly we should be turning off
anything that just gives you work
pointlessly.
Yeah.
OK.
And on and on that e-mail that you get,
is there any localization you know,
so does it,
is it enough detail in there that you can
say,
oh this this team will be handling it or
there any local variations afterwards,
is there any way in which you?
Manage or don't think differently with
those, no.
So it'll be a global process of. Yeah.
Yeah.
All all of the details that's in e-mail
is in three and Australia and UK are the
only teams that get the notifications.
So all of the.
New new vendor payee or update of vendor
payee requests globally come through US.
OK, so I think the e-mail, the e-mail,
the supplementary, the work,
everything's available in three E we've
got a workflow table in three E we can do
everything through that.
OK.
So that's the update and the new perfect,
OK.
So when we talk about P2P,
we have to be slightly kind of like
careful,
I would say current processes that the
procurement team,
the procurement guys and ashes,
they're using 3 as a system to to kind of
like initiate the vendor setups and.
Under changes and the vendor process,
that piece of technical process is gonna
go away in March 26 because three is
getting upgraded to a new version.
I don't know if you guys have heard that,
but it's one of the.
Key project for the farm as well,
and that procurement kind of like walk
around which was put in 3D is not gonna
be there available.
So basically there will be a period of
time where procurement piece will be
handled manually.
But the firm has approved new P2P vendor
to be set up.
That one would a new P2P vendor,
so that would what I hear and what what?
Whatever we have been discussing at this
stage that P2P system will not be
integrated with three so basically.
The P to P is coming out of three E
completely and you're getting a new
system,
new new vendor and then the AP processes
are gonna be driven with that new P to P
vendor.
So the reason is because I know as I was
asked me specifically to raise this point
because yes,
this is as is event as you said Josh
before we have to look at the present yes,
but the P to P side or the AP side of the
process is kind of like might be changing
very soon as well.
If we go ahead with that.
On a different note,
what we're trying to do is we're trying
to understand what the new vendor portal
system will offer us because currently we
house everything in three years well.
So we also don't want our AP process to
be done in the new P2P portal and also 3E.
So if.
If the new portal is gonna be better,
then there might be a chance that we
might do our AP in that new winter portal
as well.
But I think again that is your upstream
process.
So it should not change like from a
service now.
Service what we should be getting,
but yes,
like when we're talking from IT
perspective technical perspective that
the integrations of the systems and then
how it will look in future highly likely
it will change,
it will not be three or should in March
onwards you know understood yeah we
really need we do need to consider
September 2020.
26 So if you're,
if you're the process is changing,
your tech is changing with it as well,
then we need to incorporate that. Yeah.
Well,
our station actually with the team later
last week to pick up on exactly that
because as much as it's changing in 26,
we also know it's changing in 27.
But I think it would be really good to
obviously stay connected because you guys
are in terms of decoupling that and
because why we may not be able to
integrate definitely with you know
straight into three if three is pushing
that data somewhere else,
CDP or whatever it might be,
that might be an option.
Yeah. And. And so, yeah,
I'm just going out of this on stable
topic.
I think the guys would have raised
yesterday as well about E billing that
they are also getting like you know this
how the new European regulations are
there, that there will be a new.
Portal,
which will be there for uploading all
sort of invoices.
I don't know if they mentioned it
yesterday. Yeah. No we didn't.
They mentioned the the different portals
that they're they mentioned all the
different portals. Yeah.
So whatever inventions we upload.
In AP and in Eber,
like any invoice coming in and going out,
it has to go through one centralised
portal which access will attain.
You know for their services.
It's a regulatory requirement and Europe
coming forward.
So it's like Belgium or actually going
live or it has already been live now.
But I don't know if they've mentioned,
but if not then I can pick up.
They do later on. They didn't. Obviously,
I grabbed, you know,
if this morning because definitely we
didn't need to do a we break out on that
to see. Yes, exactly just likely.
So you don't get the flood of rejections
that. Yeah.
So that's slightly out of this topic.
But again when we talk about from an IT
perspective.
Our system integrations B2B and that yes
from AD com are the two new ones which
going to be integrated from by ServiceNow
as well. Yeah. No that yes,
you'll be good.
So come to use the two use cases
effectively and just have that capture
because we need to think about what's the
right solution to then support that
solution that comes into here as well.
So we can.
Oh yeah, we can sit back quickly into IT.
So you know side,
whereas I suppose from this side of the
business,
you know your activity and managing that
service for you to handle new vendors.
And then park that integration counsellor
work in the background feed.
But this is the upfront of managing your
work, looking at service,
how you're more than new vendors. So,
but yeah,
all of those misinformation providers,
you know, Paramount to that.
OK. So that's very helpful for and.
I just wanted to check.
So your second method when you do it on
the new invoice,
but I said what I also wanted to catch on
is we've done the new and amend on the
three sides PC but also the amendments.
You may have to handle so you talk about
new vendor on your second process where
you're doing it based on a new invoice,
but you have a new when you also have a
menus through that process,
your second process where OK so you have
to manage that as well.
So that could service could take that.
So when you bought.
And the new or amends based on possibly
the change of the invoice,
whether that's what the change might be,
contact details,
address or yeah most commonly bank
details bank details.
So change of bank details for suppliers,
yeah. Again like if we.
I guess going through the conversation,
the 3A automated process through P2P.
Probably easy to take it off the table as
part of service now because it's not
going to be helpful for us. But yeah,
if we go through the new invoice workflow.
We'll either let's check bank details on
an invoice that we get against what we
have in the system and then we have our
own manual check that we have to go
through or we do.
We can sometimes get a formal
notification from vendors,
from suppliers to say, yeah,
we're changing our bank details.
I would say that's less common than just
checking the bank details on the invoice
and we we have to make sure that it's
checked against our system and then do
our offline manual cheques after that.
It's.
Yes, we can incorporate that.
You said part of that managing the
invoice or mark correctly I'm wrong.
In ServiceNow, you can create a subtask.
Part of that to amends those details with
bank details with approval,
presumably with an approval.
But for those you're not changing it to
your own bank details,
so you know it has to be enough, you know,
so it's peer reviews and approve. Yeah.
Sign off. Yeah.
I think if we can build the.
New vend,
like the vendor intake into the new
invoice workflow.
That would be a lot easier because that
works with our process and our workflow
is a lot better.
The Arax report is a scheduled.
Request in shower at the moment because
there's no.
There's no external request outside AP
that someone tells AP to run this report
or do anything with it.
I have some questions on that one,
so that is that an e-mail that you get is
it for the backs? Invoicing is that,
that's yeah.
So the the e-mail that sends share e-mail
just now is the scheduled request.
So we don't get a notification like
e-mail as such as a scheduled request to
remind us on a Friday to go on to the
banking portal and anybody that's changed
their bank details, it gives us a report.
So that when we can update the system so
that the bank details are changed so that
their expenses.
So it's safe to get paid into the correct
account, so it's not a specific process,
but it's like a request for us as a
remainder of that calendar event. Yeah,
being automated or something that we,
it's a general task that's been estimated
greatly every Friday.
That reminds you,
in order to do that process,
so you know as a workflow would be you
know new, you know reminds of it,
it's been done,
you've checked you need to count how many
changes that are made or signed off or
what sort of details you capture as part
of that.
And I think we we we just put it through,
we had it in our team calendar,
but I think it went through share well.
So that we could track it for the other
handling times,
the first we've been able to track that's
a process like what we're doing that on a
weekly basis,
but it doesn't take long to do,
you're just literally.
We went into the the portal and just
looking at the report and that's in the
banking portal and if there's any changes,
if we're into 3D and checking the bank
details,
updating them and then sending them on to
the further approver just to do the thing
chair.
And do you recall the changes that were
made?
On in anywhere or any of the tickets or
any views that you know it's I would say,
oh, that that nothing's going through it.
The only notification and share well is
the ship judge request to remind us to do
it OK and everything else is done within.
And BE there might be a full e-mail that
we put in to share well and just now to
ask to see that there has been changes,
can't these are names of the bank details?
Can the AP manager go in and just do the?
The stains check on them the final to
make sure that yes,
I'm wondering if it could be an automated
request that you know coming to assign to
a team member or based on your skill
matrix, whoever wants to handle it.
So you've got the new when it was open,
so work in progress.
And then the close you've got that
handling metric always measured each week.
You can have some work notes or
description you know for referencing to
report upon.
You know it could be as simple as that,
but you are capturing it as a task.
Part of your activity or we might have
been missed or handling time,
might be long for certain reason,
but it could be auto scheduled within
service now as a as a task I'll have
there's a.
Yeah. Good point. Yeah, just to check,
do you have anything about SLOS,
but it's that's something that's in soon
as the first stage,
just to remind me that someone is
interesting to do it and no,
that might be you know if it's just a
reminder for us to go in and check just
to make sure that we've got the right
bank details before we meet the paints on
Yep.
the Tuesday.
Is that done generally in the UK or can
anybody pick it up some teams?
That.
That report specifically is you. Yeah,
Australia has our own separate process.
So where you just go into payroll
specifically or we got automatic
automatic emails,
sorry from payroll into our.
One someone's personal inbox,
so we can't send it to a team.
We have to send it to an individual,
but it's triggered automatically from
Australia's payroll system,
so there's nothing that we need to do in
show well for that and it's handled into
an individual for sensitivity issues.
Is that how it's handled so that?
Or would be out of scope for the service
now,
just because of the way in which you need
to handle it? Yeah, exactly.
So just the scheduled regular asking the
UK.
OK. I think that's very useful.
Having that managing vendor as part of
the managing invoice bit.
Yeah.
And just carry on. Yeah. Yeah. One more.
OK to go through one if we've covered
everything for this one.
Fields on the four,
I think we'll get into we might.
So we might come back to the fields on
the four as we go through the managing
voice steps. But yeah I suppose.
It's just as a quick summary that you
would need a name. A legal name,
also known as.
Do you capture those sorts of details for
each vendor for that enrichment? Yeah.
Generally we can't accept an invoice
that's not.
Like tax or that appropriate.
So it has to have the tax number has to
have legal names,
it has to have bank details,
whether it's about taxable or not.
So if we can invoice that's outside,
that's good,
can't process it anyway reference and all
company number.
Yeah,
but they're registered on registered for
Australia has both something. Similarly,
these House you Australia have
equivalents in all the other countries.
So it has to be a valid tax invoice for
us to be able to process if it's not a
valid tax invoice that we can't do it.
OK.
Sanctions or anything you capture
regulatory or compliance issues on that,
do you do any of those cheques? No. OK.
That they've got the right to invoice in
that country, for example,
but we just assume that that's the case,
that compliance has been done outside of
AP. You know, yeah,
there's generally people outside of AP
that are engaging with.
The merchant or the company.
So their responsibility is to make sure
that they're doing. Yeah,
that the invoice when it comes to us is
from a legitimate company.
We've got our own kind of compliance.
Processes at the back end that if we
think something doesn't look right,
then we do our own cheques thing,
but it's not mandatory for everything and
it's very few and far between.
Yeah, the new supplies over ten. Yeah.
New supplies over 10,000 lbs, I think.
You do the bank? Yeah,
they'll check there. Yeah, we do.
It's a match. Yeah, I think. Yeah.
Can I just ask him,
what's the verification approval process
over there?
And is it just within the team?
Do you guys approve or do you have to
formally log in an e-mail?
And say, hey, after the first check,
can you go in and approve like a do I
check or something?
It's an e-mail process so someone will go
in,
put the details in and then ask for the
AP supervisor.
Generally me at the moment to review and
approve and we've got the workflows
timestamps 33A.
But we capture that as part of the
workflow managing that onboarding new
vendor in ServiceNow for example,
you know that threshold bank details
check because over 10,
000 you know the value of it. Yeah,
it's a new vendor pay.
You put these details in,
it needs authorization or go onto the
next workflow authorization.
Yeah.
Sign the group water signs and you can
you can do. But I have the same question.
That's because I wanted to make sure that
it's covered in that ServiceNow whole
workflow because I think so.
We do it in a better form and shape right
now. OK. Yeah, that sounds great.
And so you're just just jumping a few
steps ahead.
And will there be a dashboard?
But capturing the data like say for
example how many vendors we want to get,
etcetera as well, yeah,
we can use them very powerfully.
They're not such reports.
They're not the output. This is your,
you know,
if there was SL as breaching SL as what I
need to do there.
And that removes a lot of your
notifications.
It is your first place that you open on
the day. Could be your go to, you know,
replaces your e-mail box. Essentially,
it's all there in front of you
pictorially,
but you can draw down into no.
Not yet. Yeah, that's very helpful,
Patrick.
That's good. And I suppose as you said,
having that detail is that it's over 10,
000 lbs for that bank cheque.
You can check that. You know,
we've reviewed it, who's done that check?
What's the details approval that can go
through that process? It's very good.
Thank you.
Let me just check some processing fields
that we will do.
Ann Smith's AP Team talked about some
country certificates,
particularly on the backs,
reporting scheduling some of the
workflows and fauna under the lands with
country specifics on that manage invoice
processes.
So that's good.
Other information that you need on the
vendor. So for example,
I said that's a three-point whether you
have any rejection processes,
you know on an invoice.
So you've received an invoice.
Has to be paid,
but not necessarily about the invoice now,
but rejection of that vendor.
Did that ever happen?
Do you ever get the vendor details are
wrong, you have to reject it based on.
That generally happens through the PP
workflow of where we might not have the
documentation to match bank details or
the there's information we're seeing that
we can't then continue through our
workflow.
So we haven't rejected sender back and
ask for additional information.
All the right paperwork and check the
bank details. If we're doing it ourselves,
we would be onboarding a new vendor.
If we didn't have all the information in
the 1st place. So there's no way, well,
there's no point of rejection at that
point.
We just wouldn't continue on the workflow
until we had all the information we
needed.
OK. And we saw yesterday,
I think evening has something very
similar for their client on boarding.
They had a sort of pre checklist that was
outside of the system that they work
through.
Maybe that's something you may have you
have some pre checklists that you we can
use and you can take that we can
incorporate into this workflow that has
been.
Signed as that,
I mean it might seem very simple that you
know check name obviously don't want to
make it so labour intensive,
but the fact that it's there, you know,
you can take all to go 1 by 1 or you
might be that's not equivalent.
But if you've got any checklist like that
that you manage outside of an Excel we
can incorporate these into the.
Yeah, we don't have a checklist,
but I think things as simple as in
Australia,
we have to have our Australian business
number, ABN for reporting purposes.
And so having that as an extra check to
make sure that we don't forget it having
making sure that we've got it.
The bank details correct,
and they've been checked once, twice,
a third if needed. Yeah, beautiful.
All at your fingertips.
And when you sometimes do these cheques,
it's inferred that they've always done.
And then I don't know whether you attach
any supporting evidence.
So that we don't,
we've got the attachments, yeah.
Otherwise the attachments as well. Yeah.
OK. That's something we can be included.
S.
I think it's a process.
Some some of those that are critical,
you'd have as you can have as mandatory
information as well.
So that you can't move through or submit
the record until you've definitely got
that information in there.
And then that again will reduce failure
demand upstream.
Think there's a file note and a call back
note or something like that as well as in
evidence what we stick.
It's in the UK. I've seen for the mentor.
Also, you call it a call back call.
It's a call back. Yeah. Locations and.
Why not? Yeah.
So if we get our friends or requests
through the workflow and in three E just
so we before we even approve it,
go and check that there's not a similar
vein that in the system because sometimes
it could be classed with a different name
or.
And then after,
as we bought a facility that we can
reject the vendor through the workflow.
So then it was back to the person who
needed the vendor to say there's no need
for this vendor,
you can delete it because we already have
one or if they submit it through and
there's no bank details.
No veins or requests for anything like
that. Then we return it to them.
If they put it through the workflow to
get that information before it then comes
back to us and when they are filling out
the forum.
I believe that as mandatory fields that
are in three just now so that.
So.
It should be captured in that before it
comes to us.
Yeah.
You know who can't govern the format of
the invoice that you're receiving,
presumably from your they can vary in all
formats,
so you your vendors created in the set up
in three like a parent.
At parent level,
is that correct rather than its
subsidiaries?
Is that how it works and you might
receive an invoice on the subsidiary
rather than the parents?
Do you ever get that?
I can't think of anything off front of my
head Australia wise that would be a case.
But this is this is again another example
of the upstream process,
where before someone triggers a new
vendor they should validate,
check that vendor doesn't already exist,
you know,
make sure they've got all of the right
information loaded in.
You know,
to the sort of master master system or
the system of record before you know
before you guys end up having to process
something,
you know which again it comes back to
that preventative of or preventing
failure demand.
So.
We do need to look at how we.
How we're either able to,
whether there's anything we can do to fix
that or how we can at least report so
that we've got fact based data of which
to feed up the line to influence the
behaviours of those loading. And you know,
loading vendors into 3E for example.
Play song.
Yeah,
that the probably the biggest
complication through that P to P workflow
of other people outside of AP trying to
Correct.
onboard new vendors is that they're not
going through well.
They don't know what kind of cheques to
go through.
If we're onboarding the vendor payees
ourselves through API,
know that everyone across both teams know.
Right processes to sense check to make
sure that this is a legit,
legitimate new vendor payee and not just
a company. We've had it in Australia.
It's a company that's changed their name
but the ABN and my details are still the
Yeah.
same.
So that becomes an update for us from the
new vendor payee.
Yeah,
does the 3E system have any controls
What?
where it looks for commonality of data
like common addresses,
common stakeholders, common your account?
Yeah.
So even if the names different be if the
address and company ID and things like
Yeah, kind of.
that are common,
it flags it up to prevent the user.
You know, raising it.
It for Australia because we have our
unique identifier of the ABN field.
We have a check duplicates function in
three East and that will check against
all the ABN so it will actually trigger
to say there's actually already a Peggy
in here with the same ABN.
And I not have the same name,
but that's a unique identify for us.
So it is very helpful that we have that
for Australia,
but that's unique to Australia.
But in the UK there should be company
house.
There should be the organisation company
reference number, the same right where.
So if it is a if the they're loading in
information and they this the same
company House reference number to that
organisation.
I'm assuming that's in the system.
That would be the same call out,
which would prevent some of that workload
coming your way.
Yeah, I think they do in the year,
if someone inside AP is setting up a
vendor,
I think they do have that check
duplicates function,
but it's not a hard stop for them.
So they can still override it.
So it might say that there's two similar
vendors that, that, that name,
but they can still submit it through.
Right. OK. So, so yeah. OK, so that.
Sorry.
No,
I was just going to say that would be
something to whether there's we could
talk to the three E guys to say,
how could you, you know,
what could you do to to prevent that,
that being forced through such that it
means that the right rigour is done
before it then causes problems downstream.
Yeah, I mean,
considering it that is through our
current P to P workflow,
I don't know if we if it's worth putting
too much effort into any changes or that
we'd make in three right now for it
considering we are going to be moving and
we don't know what the new.
System is going to be in terms of new
vendor pay on boarding by non AP staff.
Hmm.
I I think probably as you said I'll get
outside of this service now but mark to
your point is that on your dashboarding
you know when you get that rejection.
And you've got a root cause analysis.
It could be due to three, you know,
and that and you can use that report or
it can be given to P to P as an education.
You know,
I think you can use that information
Well, it's it's being able. Yeah.
So sorry, Deborah.
upstream.
Just jumping over you there.
The key thing is that if you've got
1.
workload and your team are doing
activities, you've got two things.
If you can't stop the activity,
you've got at least expose why you're
doing it and what it costs you in terms
of time, effort, etcetera.
And that's that's.
Key message that as long as you can,
which is why when doing things via tasks
in ServiceNow where you'll have a start,
the clock stop the clock so you'll be
able to say it took me X number of
minutes or members of the team X number
of minutes to resolve that.
Because of that activity,
you can then do a direct calculation and
a more.
Indicative cost such you can go up to the
organisation.
Say our team is sized this way.
We operate this way because we are
dealing with these things and you have
some metrics to back up.
What what your actual workload demand
actually is from value demand as opposed
to failure demand, yeah.
Play song.
And.
So just to explain that a little bit
further value demand means doing the
things that you need to do,
which is you know when everything is
working well,
the failure demand is when you have to do
work because something failed upstream,
that means that you have to do corrective
action.
And if you can separate those two and
report against them,
it's quite a powerful.
To say you know to,
to influence the business broadly,
to make some different decisions perhaps
in terms of choices or how they operate
or to, you know behaviours, measures,
incentives etcetera, etcetera.
I think it's an important thing for us to
keep in the back of our minds knowing
that we don't know what the new PDP
interface is going to be.
We don't know what that onboarding of a
vendor pay is going to look like for us.
So it could still be relevant in 12
months time when we you guys are going
through the bill.
With us and we're implementing it live
with the new PP system,
but I can't say whether it's relevant or
now,
but if you say these are some of the
problem statements when they're looking
at that P to PPS,
that they may be addressed.
During that time as well, yeah.
Can I quickly ask if there's a step
through the vendor pay on board like the
internal one,
the ones that AP do ourselves that we're
looking at adding to the?
New invoice workflow if there's an option
that we can also add in to say that if
it's a change of bank details,
for example,
or if it's a new vendor payee with an
invoice over the value of 10,
000 lbs or equivalent.
That part of the checklist is someone's
putting in their file notes so that
they've done their verbal dual
authentication of the bank details
correctly,
because that's part of our process.
It will be good at the moment.
We just record that in three.
It'd be good to be able to include that
in the workflow and the checklist through
ServiceNow too.
So it's a peer reviewed or live check.
Yeah,
just a couple of this yesterday that you
can have that it literally physically,
you know, time stamps. Who did it?
It's checked that it's been live checked
as part of the sand processes. Yes.
I think you're also maybe talking about
what they call in service network notes
though.
So it's just being able to put a quick
note.
I want to say after my bed.
Then it goes for the check by the peer.
Is that what you mean? Yeah.
Or is it the checklist?
But it would be one of one point in the
checklist.
But the ability to add a file note as
part of that to say I On this date at
this time I called this vendor.
I spoke to this person.
And I verified the bank details to be
correct through an independent source so
that we can make sure that what we're
putting into 3D,
any change of bank details that we get is
legit. Yeah.
And we could drive that through fields
rather than a note, you know,
any conversation.
Confirmed. Authorised.
You've got that audit trail names and
then you can report. You know,
rather than a long script you could then
start pulling out those fields, you know,
check time stamps.
Who was it was they verified and then you
could report upon it.
Yeah,
that would be helpful because it comes up
in our annual financial audit every year
as well.
But we have to provide that piece of
evidence for X number of change of bank
details so that the auditors can make
sure we're going through our right work
processes.
So to be able to pull that information
out very quickly very easily would be
really helpful as well.
Only the back country, what was.
So the time that you started your invoice
and it could be that you know there's a
delay and by the time you got hold of the
vendor, there might be 3 days.
You know you can. Yeah.
It's within the in service now.
You're not actually physically entering
the date. It's time stamping everything.
So then we've got the overall picture of
why did this take 10 days or why did this
take over to you can see actually.
In order to get that vendor verification
callback is to make the process you know
and you get those insights to maybe
improve the process or you might just be,
you know, an exceptional case. Yeah. Yeah,
that's good. Perfect. Thank you.
And they tend to be because of the bank
details changing all the value changing.
It's more common that the bank details
will change.
It's only if we have a new vendor that
we've not processed before. Yeah,
that has an invoice over the value of 10,
000 lbs.
Equivalent because obviously it's a large
amount and we want to make sure that it's
again a legitimate invoice.
Everything that's 9000 below regularly,
you don't don't do.
My team still does just to be safe just
because we've had instances of attempted
fraud, so we would still do it anyway,
but our policy is 10,000 lbs and over, OK,
because it could be from your reporting
that you see that you're getting regular
9000 or 8 that you know there's still
high value,
but you've already multiple of them.
It's fine. It's significant enough.
So you could have a a trigger because of
the threshold,
which you could also do your workflow
request verification. Validation. Yeah,
I probably wouldn't put a value in the
workflow.
Just to keep it blanket because in
Australia we probably do work for AUD 15,
000 or even down to 10,
000 sometimes if we if it doesn't feel
like it.
So you you would then what you're saying
is that you would keep it for all.
And then if you don't as you say as AP,
you don't feel that you need to do that
verification,
you could just move on to the next step
essentially,
but you've got the option for any value
to do that check just because you might
have reasons or suspicions or you just
feel that you need to check definitely.
OK well, if that makes sense. Yeah,
it's a good one.
Sorry not to dwell on this,
but yesterday when we spoke with E
billing and we're talking invoices,
they mentioned we need to look at the
task flow for portal subscriptions with
AP.
And is that referencing the managing of
vendors here or is it a different process?
Think that might fall under the invoicing
side of things? OK, yeah, we do have one.
If you have the one. OK.
I just didn't want us to miss it.
If it was this one,
it was triggered from that process.
Double check. Yeah,
we did bring up that subscription portal
fees,
but we sort of take it as a managed
invoice for that had to be paid
essentially rather than because if you
categorise every one of them of paying
for rent, paying for you know you'll have.
Long list that just grows. Yeah,
I think it's been handling under the
managed invoice process. Yeah, it would,
because it's a subscription. Sorry.
It's not a new vendor.
It's a monthly invoice that we pay. Yeah.
You have the information saying very
clearly that we're incorporating to the
managed invoice. Yeah,
approvals we've talked about with regards
to different cheques that needs to be
made actually give me another thought so.
Go back to that manage invoice and you're
at that point where you're doing the
venture cheques or new onboarding of a
vendor and it by chance is rejected based
on you can have your root cause, you know,
maybe have a metric.
So these are the reasons why we've
rejected it. And again, it could be.
Filtered back to P2P isn't there process
that's a good insight,
but there could be other reasons,
but essentially you probably need to
still pay that invoice.
Presumably you've received an invoice
payment,
so is it rejection would be a state that
you would want,
so you've rejected it and then create
another sub task.
Which means that you're going to onboard
them.
Doesn't mean or is it more that you're
putting it on hold and you're doing
further cheques.
So in order to this invoice to be paid
because certainly don't want the
rejection to close council,
the whole overall arching management of
that invoice.
Probably of reflecting it.
And then there's probably another sub
task, but we've got to it now.
What's therefore we need to do the
following or get further next or get
further information.
I think as Lana mentioned,
the main reasons why something would be
rejected is because there's already.
A valid NDP is set up in the system or we
need additional information,
so it's projected from AP's approval.
For now.
The workflow continues until we get
everything that we need to then be able
to process the invoice.
So the the actual invoice processing
would just be on hold.
Hold until we get what we need. OK?
So rather than rejection,
probably was probably getting to.
It's on hold and they've got the reasons
for it as opposed to when we get one
through the working floor,
there's 222 things that we can do.
We can project or return.
So we normally only reject if there is a
valid vein that already set up in the
system, because then I believe they can't.
Then put that back through again because
we've rejected it.
If we're returning it to them,
that's basically saying, oh,
we need you to provide the bank details
or the invoice,
because sometimes we get it through and
haven't.
It's actually anything.
So we've got nothing to audit against.
So that gets returned.
And then once they've done their actions,
then they put it back there again.
So there has to or approval,
but they don't be send it through to us.
And then we then reject return and
approve.
OK.
Yeah.
I just want to make sure that in that
action that it didn't stop the workflow,
but it's a continuation.
I think that's good.
SLA is what's about a venture touch
format, so setting up,
creating that new and do you have an SLA?
On that notes.
ASAP might have an invoice with AI.
Don't know. Probably come in.
But maybe yesterday we discussed that
some invoices come in, you know,
with a due date tomorrow or yesterday,
or they've been sent late for whatever
reason. Yeah. I mean,
if an invoice needs to be processed and
paid, then the vendor pay has to be.
Created first,
so that's dependent on how soon the
invoice is due.
Person we can't put the invoice in until
the vendor pay is created.
That's why I say as soon as possible
because by not following that step it
delays the next step of processing the
invoice.
And in priority order.
I'm just not sure how many you get,
but on your dashboards you could have
this activity that is then to set up due
dates ASAP and it will prioritise them.
You know when they need to be done in
order.
Essentially I don't know whether you have
any VIP invoices.
Needs, you know,
or certain value or clients or whether
they're prioritised as well,
but it could be particularly those that
they're of urgency because of the payment
that needs to be due at a certain date.
A lot of them that are going through P2P,
the app,
they do chase us on to get it done right
away because.
And they are waiting on the vendor being
set up so that they can raise the
purchase order so they chase us for that
because if they don't have the vendor,
they can't create the purchase order,
which is delaying it. And so, yeah,
and again,
if it's out with the P to P system,
it's usually one that.
And as a new new vendor or an update to
vendor that needs to be done before the
next payment or whatever. So yeah,
they generally have ASAP and you tend to
take them in order. So as you get them,
you just do them rather than this is of
the high priority.
They're not prioritised when you get them,
they're just you.
Just process them eventually.
Much of the time,
I think sometimes there'll be stuff that
comes through that's flagged as urgent,
or every now and then someone will reach
out to you and say, oh,
I've just sent an invoice,
but I really need to pay today.
And so we kind of have to.
Sometimes we're forced to prioritise
based on someone else.
If it's an ordinary workflow,
then you just go through the invoices as
they come in.
But we also don't know when an invoice is
going to need a new vendor payee,
so you don't always know how or when
you're.
Going to need to prioritise that creation
of a new vendor payee so prioritisation
comes with the invoice to process rather
than the actual vendor payee creation if
that makes sense. Yes,
the due dates drives would you say I mean
it's a due dates tomorrow and you get
through it.
That's great with no tender,
but the fact that you've picked up a new
vendor needed to be added to also making
that deadline, for example. Yeah,
so we say in priority just to replay back
to you,
sorry if this is you would due date is.
And also be the party which you're
picking up.
If that's captured the order in which you
do it in. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Or what?
What type of invoice?
Because if it's in a vein invoice and
things like that and.
Sometimes they need that paid right away
and.
To book the the venue,
they can't hold it in and so that needs
to be paid right away.
We have in Australia,
we have some types of fees that come from
our legal teams that need to be paid as
soon as possible to make an application
or a lodgement or something.
Not considered part of our professional
costs,
but that's just type invoice that we have
to do maybe as part of the fields in
managed invoice you get that category.
But if you said I mean to probably have
hundreds of them,
but events where you say we need to the
events not until six months,
but you need to book it six months in
advance or legal fees.
There might be some high priority tickets
that we.
Did categorise the earlier dashboards.
We could go through. Yeah. Yeah, yeah,
yeah.
And we talked about notifications.
We're going back to that E to P.
And notifications the human, as you said,
that man,
all those notifications are managed
within that three system anyway.
So they're getting those.
So the man who requests on the report
doesn't need to be notified.
That's just an activity that you do
rescheduled.
And then we'll capture the.
Notification which you're doing anyway
internally,
so you don't need to notify each other if
it's done because your manager will put
that through sets now and your dashboards.
Yeah, Claire.
Thank you for that. That was very helpful.
Yeah,
because because I guess we're we're going
to look at it from the new invoice view,
we'll we'll have to tweak the way we've
already that stuff. Yeah. OK.
Do you want to have a quick 5 minutes
till we come and look?
There's a long we're moving on to manage
manage corporates cards. Next it's Ivan.
It's not Ivan. It's not long enough.
Should we do 10 do 10.
Return at 35.
Josh,
I've got to make a quick call to Matt
case,
so I might be a little bit longer than
that.
Alright, no worries.
All right mate. Thanks.
Change room.
So yeah,
I don't want to go start changing all
this stuff, but so if you unload that,
then don't like that. We're saying that.
So.
So is it going to be a case or a task for
the new vendor after you've been to work?
Of the new invoice work, yes,
you've been managing invoice.
Sure we don't wanna do. It's me.
I just fell on the call today.
That's a hard time.
But I'll be like as quick as possible.
So like, that's one of us. The 50. I mean,
technically savvy.
But yes,
they are the best people to tell you
about the techniques.
I hope now just be able to keep in 20
minutes to make. Yeah,
because this is to pass the heavenly
thing in the Google. Yeah. Yeah.
The process got to add new vendor.
It shouldn't take longer than having.
Yeah,
we're trying to maintain service
everywhere. Yeah, no worries.
Yeah.
So,
so we still doing managed vendors for
updates that will be in the incorporate
into the workflow the the update one as
well, yeah. And the update as well, OK.
So this is because we did say that it
would be you can create a sub task on its
own.
Yeah. OK, let's see this one.
So this is the. So this is me too. I mean,
yeah,
it's it's actually vendor pay intake,
isn't it?
And then you've got create new vendor
here.
So I think I think they were the two
things.
This one is the task from three E when
there's a new.
The tax from,
but isn't it the new invoice workflow
brackets triggered create. Yeah. PCP.
Yeah. PCP. Yeah.
Whatever that changes to. Yeah.
And then it's a new way is what? Sorry,
it's like a way. Yeah, I know.
They didn't say that yesterday.
You mentioned about the single ports
thing either.
I thought we talked about the. Yeah.
I'm not seeing the same thing because Tim
was like, you haven't said that. Yeah. Oh,
yeah, right. Yeah.
Damn. All right. Next,
look out for the next one.
Don't mention my name when you describe.
Yeah. So I think this one down here.
Then create new innovate.
That's that proactive.
The more proactive one is it don't put
the.
So this is the new vendor request P2P
workflow. So that's yeah.
So that vendor pay intake about that top
one then you don't know what we've
described there.
That's the one that they described there
that goes there. The new invoice. Oh, OK.
So there's the two work that one from P
to P and one that they do on receiving
the invoice directly. Oh, OK. Oh,
I thought that they were the same. OK.
So sorry. So which one is which one?
This is the P2P1. Yeah.
And the top one is internal to account.
Yeah. OK. But again,
this is going to be a task or it will be.
It will be. You could create it.
There's that new.
So they're creating it as part of the
task of the manage invoice workflow. OK,
Yep. So it could be,
but then it's it up to configuration at
the same that manage invoice.
So you know you can get.
Task bottom you can easily recreate if
you're legal to you can collect single
task without doing the other part of it.
You send the single task of of that
instance,
suggesting we do that without a case
without high level,
without a whole invoice.
If you're just doing the vendor part.
Know that you need to do.
You can just create that separately.
It sounds like it sounds like that
exceptional,
but they are actually picking. Yeah, OK,
got it. But it is part of the update.
And the wax thing.
OK.
The next one down update that is again
that you can create from the in manage
invoice.
So the new and the update can come as a
result of.
Invoices come in.
There might be some details in there.
The banks details don't match.
Therefore you're doing a subtask on that,
and that is a scheduled scheduled task.
Banks one do we get a correct case for
reporting? But you think we do a case?
For this one well ticket or how do you
want to call it a query maybe?
Maybe it comes on zone. Yeah,
it's just a reminder, isn't it?
So feel like it's tidy doing a case,
I don't know.
It's for them. If we've got,
what would anybody else you know, see,
for example,
that might be run the report for all the
joiners, movers, leavers. Yeah,
that's all it is. Yeah. Yeah.
Or what do they what do they call back?
So they're calling that a reminder.
You know, it's basically is, it's new.
It's work in progress. It's done.
OK, align to ESM standard for reminder,
yes reminder yeah,
activity replacing calendar calendar
event.
You know a calendar reminder replacing a
calendar reminder etcetera. OK all right.
Cool. And then, yeah,
I couldn't really fill in the rest here.
Yeah. I mean, the first thing because,
like,
through us through me a little bit on the,
it's fine. Yeah. But it makes sense.
Makes sense. Yeah.
Something I can do it to incorporate it
into the manage things on my feet.
Yeah, yeah. Well, it makes sense.
It does make sense,
but I just wanted to check.
They could do that practically as well.
Then there's any more. Yeah,
tasks and minders. It's gone. Yep.
That's gone to manage invoice.
Isn't it?
It's incorporated within that we've
incorporated it into the manage,
I guess so, yeah, I guess so.
But you can leave it there for now.
But yeah, yeah. So we're not selling.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right.
I'm just gonna get some. Yeah, I'm in.
We should have.
You.
Do you think?
Aye.
It's all and we it's yeah.
People met online. Yeah. How are you?
How are you? Get on goods. Yeah. Yeah,
this is real quick. Yeah, but it's lemon.
It's it's a lot different for something
it's got.
Is it the big change for something? Yeah.
And I suppose it's just.
Making sure that the tasks to raise tasks
for the work isn't longer than doing all
the good systems as well processes.
Manage dogs? Yeah,
got to a point where they were these last
few. That's why jobs. And so, you know,
it's still. Yeah.
There was one for, you know, isn't that?
But you can do because we do definitely.
What we definitely do challenge as far
because maybe not in this nation,
that's what we that's what we're doing
essentially what we do count on how many
talk with what with me is actually.
Essentially not that I'm actually
trivialising it,
but you are raising a new one. Yes,
I need some to do. Yeah, yeah.
Or you're cancelling it because they're
leaving. Yeah. That's the sort of.
I'm sure you're not.
Yeah.
So if we just thought this, yeah,
this is more. Yeah. Because as you said,
I mean not that I'm saying,
I mean you would hope the end user like
now we raise IT requests,
we don't go help anymore.
So give us a prescription and I thought I
know Steve was saying.
No, we just get other reports,
but I think somethings we might say just
we could guide it that's why what do you
want to solve?
What's the probably classic finance?
Did that clean the thing up? Yes. Yeah.
But yeah,
that'd be fine if you just cover that.
Probably close it in. Yeah. Yeah.
Good to go.
But everyone got some jokes we can share
for good. Thank you. He had some grace.
Excellent gates.
And I was like, oh, like,
I'm actually going in three packs.
You can see it. Yeah. Yeah. 3 packs a day,
different packs, because what am I?
And I was like, kids. And I was like.
So this space would bring us in.
So there's some land back,
a little bit really and.
You said yes.
And then I was asking her about something
for the students.
They think that she's a good space.
Please.
I'm not actually sure.
Those pass options are the both mobile.
Usually she'll bring. Mm-hmm.
And I think she tries twice a year.
So she's been over.
She's over in March this year in June.
So like March to interview and change
possible date, I think she.
What she puts?
Yeah,
that's one thing that I know it's a big
the worst time that you. Yeah. Yeah.
Now you have an app. It's a north.
Is that going to move this one?
And it's like we also have an external
people straight. OK.
So between in street he's like.
Both two months are just about. No,
I said hello. But you didn't mention it.
It's easy. It's OK. No.
Should we just have an offline file reset?
Yeah, it'll be really easy.
We'll just do it. Yeah. OK.
Yeah, I think perfect.
It's free today and you just said I think
it'll just be either an online call,
but we'll reason for more thought.
What type of report scheduled Justin's.
Oh. Oh. You mean for manager reports?
I thought you meant for what?
Reports and dashboards for the meeting
next week. Oh, really?
He'd say we won't need a day for it.
We'll do it in an hour. Yeah,
half an hour. Yeah.
Let's make it in an hour.
So I thought that aligns perfectly cool.
Did he say that? He said proactively.
Yeah, we're just talking.
So we're talking about reports.
And he said it'll be easy.
We just do it in an hour.
Does he mean with with Steve or? No, no.
He said he's away.
Come back to us. Arise. Yeah. All right.
Cool. Yeah. Try and try and get him later.
I know.
I leave that I wouldn't about you saying
like I'll do it, but yeah, yeah. No.
But you said it's like that might align
with. All right,
so that could solve that one thing and
then we just have the Friday one.
Thanks.
The the girls just wanted to see like
what ServiceNow looks like.
We'll show them a quick what's the?
I don't think so.
Now do you want to just grab them now?
Just bring them over?
Let me see if I can.
I should be able to log in but.
Mark probably has a very good like you
sound, doesn't it? We can show. Yeah.
I mean, I've got the we've got,
we've got ours. I've got the one form.
You do quickly.
OK. No, no. This is ringing your bell now.
Sorry. It's like 6:00 on Brisbane. Yeah,
the brain stopped functioning. It was.
Yeah, it was late.
What's next to yourself? Yeah, yeah,
I'm still at home there.
When did you try this weekend?
It just needs to flew out Friday night.
My time landed Monday. Saturday day.
Thank you much for your Sunday.
It's a good day to me on to this one
night.
But what it's meant to be 40, OK.
Yeah. True. Yeah.
It's like speed limit 10% over.
Speed limit 10% overs acceptable,
isn't it?
Oh, look very very far moved,
but I have been like kind of a family big
into history,
so I know we like big every two years.
The last time we had there was like 100
of us.
Australia, I think extended family.
And so if you need to know how I am 7th
generation but location location is West
Coast.
Yeah. Yeah.
So I think virtually it's all around this
bulb, my family,
because I'm like we've signed for the
entire time. Am I Rosie in this?
OK. And so I don't,
I don't think it would be and was it not,
yes. Yeah. Well,
I think I'm part of this town exactly
where I think it's a big.
It was a town that had no employment.
And my husband, who's not initial reunion,
that's the. And he came second.
Oakland sounds nice reunion with a quiz.
Yeah, well done. Yeah. Lovely. Very nice.
Yes. Sorry.
There's the one who is very Australian.
Just through my face. Like,
I know a lot of history.
It's kind of the McClain traditions.
That's tradition in my family that all of
the ways get. That's fine.
Of the acclaimed tarts,
this for the 8X that thing. Oh,
it's very easy. Sorry. Formal is bread.
Can you? And then the hunting is free.
I'm it sounds really beautiful,
like from Australia about. No,
I I picked up on it and I thought, Oh no,
I want to meet you.
You're coming as well too, right?
It definitely didn't. Don't know.
Have you have you done the tour of
Scotland? Have you been around there?
Yeah.
Hey.
Going through this week,
but I am kind of considering a little day
trip to Dublin anyway. Oh, yeah? Yeah.
My sister and my husband did three weeks
around Scotland where I so they would.
Up.
It would have been around. OK. Thank you.
That's very follow up I mean.
Yeah. Yeah. Amazing. Yeah.
The girls hadn't seen much service now,
so just going to show a bit of
functionality. No,
it's an interesting one, not useful.
So the people, it's sorry. Sorry everyone.
Everyone needs a passer by that. I mean,
that's why I assume that it's when the
Scottish family is having a most of like
a client pass.
The only one that's reading page this
page or the spawn page any kind of page
on that looks like no, no,
not form as in like a topic page.
What's the you have this level page? Yeah,
this is on.
I haven't really worked on these now.
How would you even?
Just trying to get rid of so much like
crap on it, you know? Yeah, I think I did.
Like one of them. But like a banner.
You try to make a yeah, it's all that.
Yeah. So you bought? Yeah.
You bought a banner here? Yeah.
Probably one of the HR ones.
Oh, maybe technology is it? What's that?
My rock. Keep up my rock. Can't see it.
Oh, yeah. Oh, at the top level. Yeah.
So you put it in technology.
It could be here. Is it?
The marathon and before I missed by two
weeks. OK, so I was thinking to that game,
shrunk them down. Yeah. I mean,
it looks better than my finance.
Looks better than my finance one,
didn't it?
Well,
what if it was said it was just the
adding a prey inside a patient with a
feather? Yeah,
but you've shrunk these down as well.
Maybe hidden the descriptions. Is it?
Yeah,
but that was just basic stuff then I
didn't get any descriptions.
That's what I think. Oh, OK.
John wants to join the second word for
you're gonna join? Yeah.
It's gonna show some good stuff like that,
alright.
Yeah, I mean this works.
So that I'll move that actually
automatically drives an automated
approval.
I mean it should be the other way around.
But and then you can do you can select
peer reviewed and then select your review
by.
Yeah. Then you touch that. Yeah.
And it's got the amount that it's roughly
going to be what?
Yeah. So they're not.
It's if we do not work,
so I say so if I got the invoice.
As long as there's an charge, yeah.
Notice that matches the show.
You probably with the valve, yeah.
Do we get case numbers? Yeah,
either case numbers. Yeah. TBD. What the?
Yeah. Freedom number is. But yeah,
I think this is a long sequentially. Yeah.
Correct.
The the letters at the start is that.
Specific to each team, yeah,
we're going to. Well,
we started not not proper now, no,
we used to informal demoing this one
informal demo.
Yeah, F5 sync,
although inconsistent because all that
other ticket numbers that we put into 32
letters.
Can you get us too? But isn't it?
Or have a look at them?
They will be launching across work
streams is that invoices might be paying
out or paying in is.
You know, even we've got managing voices.
You know,
it might be that you might not want to
work.
Stream governs in a formatting of your
number,
maybe discussed that depending on what it
is,
it's not so hard coded that actually
because it seems that actually all parts
of that task or that workflow sit with
yourself. But actually it might not go.
Multiple teams,
so you might take a look at that almost.
There's different ways you could do it.
Could be like service up.
But why don't we've a whole? OK?
Because it's how we we've got that.
But as we work for it,
it probably sounds a bit bit clearer now.
Yeah. Yep. All right. I mean,
I think we can start to be honest with
you guys are here.
We can get back into it.
Yeah.
Okie Dokie,
managing credit cards Deborah so you're
happy seeing ServiceNow. Yeah.
Do you want me to click through anything?
Do you want to look at anything?
It's in the form of the employees or
malleable.
I think that's more really helpful when
we get into professional cost invoices.
That's probably gonna be part of
cashier's tomorrow.
But the professional cost invoices is
done by accounts payable in Australia.
So what we're going to what we're going
through today in terms of AP is
everything that aligns between both odds
in the UK,
but there's some extra tasks that
Australia does that overlap into work.
UK cashiers do change. I mean,
I've got to be in both.
I've covered both chains,
so I'm covering that side of things.
So Mr Cashewing was a subset,
would you say sub activity of the AP not
fair to say that they also have all their
other tasks as well,
but this is a particular.
What is the translate particular fact
that the invoice so it's full of
professional costs and they're the
invoices that they've given to us for
like we engage with an external money to
specifically work on a matter a legal
matter and?
We on charge those onto the clients and
we don't pay you as it was until the
client gets us.
That's really managed those,
but they mentioned them in cashiers,
so there is going to be some stuff that
is.
We can't come. I guess it's not.
I don't feel like it's going to be day
for Australia 8 P because I need to align
it best with what the UK do for their
professional costs,
but it's going to have to fall under
Australia 8. It's really weird,
it's really challenge it that Apple it is
today.
Could it be aligned back rather than
celebrated? I mean,
that's what that's that's probably what
we're trying to get to.
That is the answer as well.
But is there an opportunity to actually
say, look,
we'll align it globally rather than it
being separate service?
Just she's also like some additional
tasks that they do,
which means they don't have the capacity
to manage the pressure on focuses. OK,
so part of how we're structured in
Australia is a bit more.
About it,
I'm traditionally it can't sale in
Australia in moist organisations always
deal with all invoicing.
So that's kind of we've got it structured
in Australia.
It's just that the nature of the legal
cashews in the UK.
They feel like it makes more sense for
them to also manage the professional
passes,
because then they also do other ones that
manage the AR function.
They manage all of the client monies and
they the A is most positive installed in
terms of billing and professional cost.
Invoices are going on to the Azure skills.
But like I said,
it's more of a legacy set up and yeah,
it's a little bit of legacy.
It's a little bit of just traditional
Australian nuance of how Australia is
generally set up.
So you'll find the whole firms are in
Australia,
that AP is is set up in the same way.
So yeah,
it's just a little bit different rather
than the challenge.
But in this scope they can you.
Yeah,
break that down and become more
globalised. Yeah.
I mean the invoice of the break.
That's exactly the same.
Plus the issues and AP,
there's only two ways to process the
professional costs.
They're treated exactly the same.
So in terms of workflows and functions.
We kind of line them after a manage
invoice. Yeah,
but you've been routed to a different
team based on location.
Oh, catchy.
Under the accounts payable grouping for
my team in Australia. OK,
so that's so the service can be aligned,
we can bring it up to that global level,
but that assigned to or that matrix that
we're talking about is then segregation
of duties of who it goes to.
But actually the workflow.
Can be entirely consistent. Yes. Yeah. OK,
that's good.
That's why I felt like it might be better
to cover it.
Cashier's wise tomorrow because Mark,
Martin and I will need to create the
forms because it's the forms that's going
to be the most helpful for us to get all
of the correct information that we need.
So.
I need to Martin and I are going to need
to align that together. Yeah,
and that's been checked with some things.
The activity we have to do for the
professional purposes. OK. Yeah. Perfect.
No, it doesn't. Really. Yeah.
Obviously forces the fact that we've come
up level again.
It isn't trivialised because there's lots
of detail. It's simplified the service,
so at the end I'm not paying the end of
the day.
All it is is you're paying an invoice.
It's money out,
but it's money out as it as it were.
Or you're paying something so.
And we've tried to have it at that
service level.
And the nuances and those are within the
workflow itself depending on the triggers
or the detail or the category.
And we can manage it through that
workflow, yeah.
OK. Yeah.
All right.
I think we're moving on to corporate
credit cards.
We've tried to consolidate here. Yeah,
the corporate credit cards,
I think how many, there's 17 to 1111.
Yeah.
To take a look at all those processes,
again simplified into manage output cards,
I think aligns with the tax on these or
the service catalogue you've got these
advertisement I'm taking that piece
application and then I'm realising that.
You do the same thing and then and then
dawned on me that of course.
So there's lots of.
Again,
similar workloads in terms of new work in
progress.
Both completely and then the pills to
invest that, you know,
credit limits that come from that.
So is that a fair enough fair assumption
that you effectively task in order to
create a new set up a corporate card for
somebody and then they conclude the
recommendations that maybe those upstream
processes join us?
The leaders process that trigger level.
You can get insight and report for that
you creating that request for creating a
corporate card.
I thought there's probably a good place
to start with creating a corporate card
as a new process.
Maybe you can help me through that and.
Pain points.
So if there's any pain points or maybe
some localizations,
but the voice standard process that
you'll follow that corporate card,
I think the main workflows that we get
into our inbox.
Is for credit card applications and
queries. So when when I say queries,
it's my card's been declined or I can't
remember my pin number or is when can I
expect to receive my card?
Because I've gone through the application
process just any kind of ad hoc query or
troubleshooting?
Issues that someone has,
everything else that's relating to credit
card management is generally done on a.
It's through a report. The cancellations.
We don't always get told that someone's
leaving,
but as soon as someone departs or second
to a different office,
we have to cancel the card.
But that's that's just done off a report.
Yeah, we've actually come about.
You've got that leavers.
Effective end date I think useful,
but you know cancel it maybe the week
before five times they don't have a party
because they're leading on the call for
that whenever it might be.
But we've captured that.
You're probably getting that report from
effective end date as a card associated
so proactively.
PD and pers thing.
It is. We do. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah,
medium pers. But you only weren't asked.
We wait. So it's part of the HR people.
And there's only the leavers.
There's there's. Yeah.
Called PERS or PDM UK. Australia. Yeah,
obviously.
Yeah, we get that into on a weekly basis.
If you can't remember what day of the
week it is and that then shepherds has
things went to the portal and and cancel
the cards as and then the agency of the
employee Doctor Johnny. Yeah. Yeah.
Thanks. Go ahead.
It's a separate session that we'll
probably need to revisit one person PDN
because it cuts.
Across so many functions across the firm,
and so we took that as a parking lot last
week. Yeah, right. Natural sessions. Yeah,
that would be more natural for, you know,
with all that triggers, you know,
for joining natural trigger, maybe on the.
Skill rate or their title that you need
to collect more cards for that or set it
up with that application and again with
the movers again OK.
So in terms of new,
maybe start at the beginning of new that
simple entry point, so new,
maybe they haven't just joined to take
that outside,
but you know halfway they've been there a
few years they've been upgraded or
they've been promoted and we're going to
have to set up a new card for them all.
There are the second ones.
If you do that, post anything to it,
you set up the actual.
What does that entail? Generally,
it's starts with someone emailing AP to
ask for a corporate card. OK,
so moving forward in.
Future while it will be that they request
it through the Vulture,
so I need a new they would come in and
say I need a new corporate card,
but that managed service and then they
tend to say what they're doing with it.
Is it particular common?
It's short term or do they tend to be
once issues?
When date for those those are two files
or no,
there's general there's only one type of
corporate card that we issue.
The request comes in saying I need a
corporate card. Yeah,
first thing that we need that generally
is something that AP sends back and
that's across both Australia and the UK
is a business case.
Template. So that's at that point.
That's when they say who they are,
what their role is,
who their approving manager is,
what their limit request is,
what the reason for needing a corporate
card is,
and we can't move forward with the
process until we get that template that
would be part of the initial request.
So we've got.
I need it you send it back. They go.
So part of their request through fields
can be, you know,
mandatory credit limit towards that
something that's that the credit is in it
yeah this will give us an estimated spend
per mind that they think that they might.
Need the card for and we set the credit
limits from that and they don't have to
give details as part of their business
case.
They're detailing what they might be.
Travel hotel. Yes. Yeah.
Every now and then,
we'll have a business case that will come
in where the estimated spend per month
and the reason for needing corporate card
does not align. Someone asked for $20,
000 or said that they would use $20,
000 a month for client entertainment.
But no, that doesn't align.
So at that point we will.
Use that estimated spend per month as an
outlier and just submit that business
case.
The reasoning on to the person to review
and we'll put a note to say we don't
think that 20,000 is appropriate,
but we're putting forward a recommended
monthly limit of.
5000 or 10,000 instead. OK.
And do you have like a matrix or any
school car or anything like that based on
so for example you pay.
I'm not saying maybe a partner said I
need a corporate cars.
Is there a different group you say?
Actually it's just there is a for that.
You can grant 20,
000 whatever reason it might be for a
particular client that might need to be
in place.
So based on that business case and their
position and no questions,
do you then pass some thresholds ready to
decline or accept based on that?
Maybe a rate card or whatever card you
want to call it. A matrix based on that,
yes, yeah, yeah.
So partners in Australia are given a
corporate card.
They don't need to go through the
business case,
process the part they're on boarding or
their promotion or. Yeah.
What happens that in automatic. Yeah,
that probably one of the process.
Is that we'll capture with you join of
those leaders,
but that you wanted I think we said that
OK, yeah.
So then and they have A and they have a
set limit that they're eligible for as
well.
And that's that's what they're not.
Trade was in the UK.
Is that the same similar alignments?
That is,
I'm aware partners they don't need to go
through the business case if they're a
partner and if they want a card,
they can get a card.
Rules UK.
David is a director,
so I'm I've started approving all,
so maybe I'll be picking it up from him
for the UK as well in the next couple of
months that you'll approve. I approve.
All's right now and but I'm going to be
picking it up the UK months as well, yeah.
So even though.
If they want one, they'll get one.
It's still approved that it's the.
So I'm new to this process.
Literally started on one per rule and
it's a change of rules,
David and my rules and titles etcetera
recently, so.
And what I do is normally I ask and ask
the Member to cross check the title,
like who's,
who's at what rule and do a comparison
like the same title in the same
department or similar department.
What's the limit?
Was an average what we would take it in.
And then we either accept or reject it.
But we I mean now, I mean with me,
I'm not just accepting everything and the
partner.
So if you don't work particularly the
partner ones,
are you approving the partner ones? Yes,
we are approving those ones. Yeah.
So yeah,
I'm talking about the non partner ones.
Partners. Yeah,
just sort of of those that fall out of
the new that if a partner wants that,
they get one with. Yeah.
And it's I didn't know whether in the
background says now you could have these
break up the partner non approval or yeah
yeah absolutely we need to have that.
Yeah.
And the limits are they're probably set
and and you can you can have nature in
there.
There's all the thresholds and cheques
for you. Absolutely. Yeah.
Because for example like an operations
manager,
somebody new training laws and their
limit should be.
Higher because they would be organising a
lot of on site events etcetera.
So understand that and why the limit is
higher than certain directive is built
and there's a little bit of the usage,
you know how how the usage is.
So it's it's high heavily dependent on
the use cases and and the individual's
rule.
So is it on that?
Is there a core metrics that you can do
this? Otherwise no, we don't have no,
we don't have the structure,
we don't have anything.
It's just like interrogation and
questions.
So I want that as well and that's what
kind of but those guys so between 10 and
20 based on this role or 15 and.
So it's on the K by K basis. Yeah, yeah,
yeah. For the partners who want one,
they get one with a, with an approval.
I mean,
sometimes it's appropriate for someone to
just have a limit of 5K.
So it doesn't look to be large. Yeah.
Yeah.
I think by the time we will kick this
process off,
I think we will have this matrix.
And please, I'll just take a spot of it.
So if we take that away, yes. Yeah.
Design that and figure out.
OK,
so new these requested to come in through
the portal.
They can say I need to open card,
they can fill in their business case,
they can set what they're going to be
turning on,
entertainment through hotel etcetera.
Like we checked with the standard.
I think you have travel.
If you didn't tell you know in travel
costs going into department train, yeah,
frequency travel as well. Yeah. OK.
But any of those checklists that you
would have that with Asia you know.
So if it's on reports,
you say actually we didn't get this thing,
we need to get that in you can capture
that all up front and it comes into
yourself.
So this is probably where decoration,
although globally everyone can see it.
Based on the location of the person
that's requested it,
it could be assigned to.
Training or the UK so that that could be
the case as well? Or do you?
Is it you want to go to everybody.
But the thing that you're handling it
differently in the UK cause the
application corporate file.
You'd have to go to the local offices
because by the time we get to submitting
the application with our.
Financial providers it's very different
that process. So we can't do each other's.
So finite groups. Australia and the UK,
but within those groups you'll have
localised.
People that you can also find in the
matrix,
we don't even know you've got the final
group, so it's for. I think there's some.
So for luck that's not you that those
requests they could go to a different
person, different member of the team.
You know you can have a whole matrix of
who is.
Issuing those cars in your group? Yeah.
The other thing that we need to have at
the moment,
we have it as the business case comes
back to us is that approval from a
manager.
So there's a way to kind of trigger. Yep.
Something like an e-mail or something to
go out to,
like if approving for their money for
their manager. Yeah.
So we can't move forward with and
corporate card application until we have
an approval from someone's manager and
say, yeah,
I'm approving them to the corporate card
at the moment.
We would never,
we wouldn't send any of the applications
to send it to review until we've got that
approval, OK.
So it makes me think and the whole
workflow. So the end to end process,
can that be in the workflow.
So for example the partner or.
Even behalf of the partner, you know,
initiates the application and that's
there until I approve and and the
tracking of the bank and everything
because I think in the UK it is simpler,
but in A&
C it's a little bit more complex in terms
of the rejections, et cetera.
I think this takes more longer time.
So can that all be built into that
workflow via this?
Yes,
you've got the you know the the check.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And equally,
you've raised a good point that obviously
the on behalf of the raising it can be
might raise three or four for example.
And that could be part of one with less
where you're not active building laws for
you can fill in.
I've got 3 corporate cards I need similar
trip. I'm raising it.
You can do that as well.
So in in in the UK we do it for Lux.
There's a new office and and more.
Of course we have.
You've done one for that as well.
Recently we're moving out the US ones to
UK as well. Yeah,
I just see the USI thought.
That's a special place that we talk about,
but they're moving to the UK. Yes,
because the the banking partner has
closed the account over there for US
offices for.
Reason.
So we're gonna move the same kind of
account in the UK.
So from from from an Amex perspective,
we just wanna change the entity from US
to UK in their system.
There is our advice they would receive
the same level of benefits of the
corporate cards and it should have been
seen that.
So that's that's what we're trying to do.
So we will manage those as well.
So I think the process we need to look is
like all these two or three locations as
well,
like in terms of the checklist and all
and global and globalised.
But you know you're requesting it,
you know things that standard you know
why you've got why you want it,
what you're using for those to be
standards.
Be probably no approval for manager
because it's being approved and then you
you're inferring your approval, you know,
for those ones that can go to yourself,
you can do a bulk approval that has
multiple of. Yeah.
So we have we're also exploring at least
in the UK, I don't know about ANC,
but in AMX we are also.
Excluding the option of bulk approves and
approvals etcetera as well,
there is a functionality what we have
been told last couple of weeks ago and
that we can do that.
So yeah actually and I just asked you one
thing.
So within the process the bank also
sometimes comes and they reject.
Or they put the application on hold as
well because of their KYC criterias and
all.
Now what I understand and you can correct
me is we don't, I mean sorry,
it was not the case in A&Z,
it was case in Morocco and we don't get
involved directly because we are not
supposed to of course.
To take the personal details of the
applicant and, you know,
be the middle person to share it with the
bank as well as sometimes the bank wants
to directly speak to the applicant as
well.
Is that something we can try and build in
like how how will we status,
how how will we track that step in the
whole process.
Yeah. So if you look at standard states,
you're not new what you've been requested,
it's new,
it's awaiting approval to have seized and
work in progress.
And then it might be all sent to the bank
or being processed with the state.
And as part of that,
it might be reason for on hold.
And you can track, you know,
personal details.
It could be built into the standard
workflow if that's if that's the case.
I mean, are they exceptional?
Even though they're exceptionally still?
Want to capture them. So I mean,
tend to be changes rather than capturing
the details. Yes, the forms will be.
Submitted wires and we'll do that.
So it's actually you can absolutely
capture that. Yeah, we can do that. Yeah,
it's not. So we can do that.
And we can also have that surface a
wasting action from the request.
So my problem is that in one of the cases,
and I mean the PE partner,
they were discussing it with the bank.
And things were getting delayed and we
were not even aware of that because we
didn't have that visibility.
We thought of that application is there
with the bank. It's under process.
But that whole status change thing was
missing for me to track it.
And on the partnership side,
they were getting annoyed at us that all
your your team's not.
But then we won't be we won't be getting
involved until we know, first of all,
plus we won't be able to share those data
stricted the bank because bank won't
entertain us as a middle person.
So at least if we would have known the,
the the dialogue or or the status between
them too because that's external with the
partner.
We haven't tried to track and, you know,
improve our metrics and dashboard and see
what is there outstanding for us to chase
because it would be difficult to get into
terms of status from the bank itself.
But we can definitely put a status in
where we say well actually it's a waiting
direction from I said PE or partner,
whichever it might be.
So that we can say actually in a
dashboard you can see actually how many
cases are still awaiting action from
employee, a partner, etcetera.
If you say over three days it's been
awaiting your action and it gives you an
opportunity to go. OK.
So these are the people we need to engage
and understand where are you in that that
process, what stops you.
Are you having issues with the bank,
etcetera,
or if it's over five days you go OK.
It should take much quicker than this.
What's happening?
So you've got that ability to get some of
the information,
but you can't get all that information to
you from the bank itself or angers. Yeah,
sounds fine. Yeah. In that case,
probably you're unaware that those
conversations that you've been.
Happening.
So you're reacting to the fact that you
pull it with being processed in this way,
but actually they're having external
conversation and you're getting more.
And then and you get to know about it
when there's a grievance or to be
involved,
at which point you could then put it on.
Hold at least you're reporting upon it,
but the reasons for it.
The effective date start or maybe it
started five days ago. You know,
for example,
but that certainly could be tracked.
I think the key thing in the process is
about that time and piece.
So if you know it's a way where it needs
to be.
But they don't automatically tell you
what's happening with that.
You probably need to have it in a status
and only allow it to set that for a
certain amount of time.
If that's three days, five days,
whatever something that's long,
and then when it comes to the end of that
five days for talking sake.
That's your problem today.
Reach out to the partner and see what's
happening. Are we OK? Is it continuing?
Get an update.
We can capture that information.
But what we can't do is have it coming in
and automatically triggering that because
it's the external.
And you shouldn't be dealing directly
with the bank.
And actually also turn up more that kind
of proactively reaching out to them
rather than angrily reacting to not
seeing progress being made as well as we
actually we should,
we expect to need some places by now we
can see it's been outstanding for six
plus days.
There's something that you need to
actually need to follow up with the bank,
etcetera.
I think it's just like a process step.
Yeah,
I think it's more about changing the
practise, changing the mindset. I mean,
it's more about when technically we
shouldn't be.
So it's PS who should be tracking that as
well right now.
That's what it might be that the P is the
question that you reach out to.
So you leave at a certain amount and then
the onus is on them to do that. Yeah.
So yeah.
And what we might have is the requested
on behalf of, so it's done by the APA,
whichever you call it.
And then they're doing it for half a
partner, the etcetera.
So we can still engage with those who are
doing on behalf of rather than have to go
directly and they will also have an
option on when they raise that from their
side, they can send.
Information to use. For example,
if it comes in, it's that behaviour.
Change to tell them to notify you,
but also if you don't hear then you've
got the option to be able to send them a
problem.
You can see we haven't heard on this,
so you do all that within the workspace
rather than sending emails back.
And yeah,
SLA is between not have overall end to
end.
But as you say it's been fact anticipated
5 days, six days.
You know we're all in dashboard that'll
be growing you know completely if you
expect it to be a turn around a few days
in reaching already you know so.
That would be particularly helpful for
Australia because part of our process
that's different to the UK is that we
have to send our application like two
particular application forms out to the
applicant to complete.
And that's what gets submitted to the
bank for us so we can send the forms out,
but we might not get them back for three
months and the ticket wait at the moment
the ticket in shower which is sitting
there is pending and it might not get
followed up. So having that trigger or.
Visibility for PA or TA who is assisting
to see what that tracking progress is,
would be really helpful.
And those applications are just thinking
about the initial request of that of that
completing your request is that something
they can attach.
So they've been given the moment of how
to complete.
Applying for a corporate card,
they can complete the application form
upfront and and submit as part of the
application or as you tend to.
That's a process that once you've all
applied that you're going to proceed
giving them and the business case that
you then send them the application. Yeah,
probably you did proactively.
That's something.
And then you get that application up,
once repopulated. We. Yeah,
we generally do wait until the
application's been approved or rejected
so we can go back and say your
application's been approved.
Here are the forms to complete.
Here's the next step.
We can't move forward with or can't
progress your application until.
Forms come back to us complete,
but if it's rejected then the person
hasn't completed the forms and isn't
expecting to still have the card applied
for if that makes sense and we've just
run into some trouble where we did have
the forms completed and sent to us in the
first instance.
The application was success wasn't
successful.
We went back to the card holder and said
no, like it's been not successful.
And I said, well,
I've sent you forms anyway,
so just give that, like send them off.
I don't know.
There's a just a little bit of an
assumption that we would still do it, so.
The fact that they complete it is an info
they will set,
accept it from their behalf. Yeah,
I want to part of that form be, you know,
just to get as much detail upfront or it
doesn't take any other lengthy forms that
they. No, no.
That's one page on each form that needs
to be completed.
It doesn't take a long time.
And.
Because it's a form to complete.
I don't know if we'd actually save any
time if we gave them upfront or if we set
them on a later date.
It's just really dependent on when
someone gives us the forms back.
And you can capture that.
So we're waiting for them back three or
five days and their trips coming up,
they can't expect to have a quick turn
around that.
They're leaving on a Friday and they can
think of my returns. They put some. Yeah.
OK, that's useful to know.
Um.
That's you've been requested.
They put in the details.
You accepted object based on the business
case application that they complete.
Then it goes through the process and then
you'll step in that application.
Is there anything on the application that
you would get all you know been complete
or?
If it's off details,
but there's a man that you feel that they
needed to complete on that. Yes.
So when we send the forms,
we tell the applicant what needs to be
completed. And sorry,
residential address has to be in there
rather than the office address and we are
very explicit to say residential address
has to be completed.
Signature on this page and signature on
this page has to be done.
The name on form A and Form B has to
match, so anything that.
Like that is A cause for a rejection by
the bank.
We will be explicit for that card holder
to make sure it's done properly in the
first instance,
and they're supporting evidence on their
identity for the of, you know,
passport driving licence.
Nothing not required. OK.
Should we not do that?
But the bank will. I'm going to stop,
you know,
like some of your married name doesn't
matter. Your maiden name. That's the case.
What I was dealing with.
And that's we don't get.
We don't get to see anything of those,
you know, like bank will not entertain us.
But then the expectation from partner is
that we sorted out.
Particularly if you have a working like.
Yeah, it applies to women.
You have a a working name and you have
your marriage name, you know, so,
and that's good. So your working name,
you never mentioned your identity.
You know that there is that discrepancy
there. Yeah.
And I think that's where the status is
and all will help us to go back on a
schedule manner and say, well,
you know seven days,
it's about 7 days and I should be taken 5
days. But what's happening, you know,
have you provided such and such details
because right now we don't even see the
rejections or anything. Yeah.
It's truly a bank spot for us.
That kind of bank entertainment and the
the bank specific for.
I'm just thinking about, you know,
the system,
they are particular application forms
from visa and it's yeah,
as long as we have.
Who like PDF forms to fill in Amex does
it online,
so the UK team send a link and the
applicant can fill in.
They're basically filling the form online
themselves,
so the personal details side of things or
the filling in the application specific
details isn't done by.
OK here.
Last quick question,
the knowledge collateral for the do you
do you have at the moment any knowledge
out there for your audience,
you know the requesters etcetera to know
what to expect,
you know in terms of you know your
processes,
you know the key key things are going to
get asked for etcetera,
etcetera or is that?
You know,
you know something that you want to work
on and put into the knowledge suite when
we when we get that available.
I think this Westpac and Amex have been
used in Australia and the UK for such a
long time.
This process is generally pretty well
known around the business anyway.
If someone hasn't seen the form before,
OK.
that might be new to them for the first
time,
but it's just standard information being
asked for.
OK, cool.
Yeah, but Mark, it's a good point.
I think nothing is documented, right.
And then another,
the case is what I see right now,
people are not even putting their names
properly in the right fields.
So and that's partners.
So I think a guide or a.
Yeah, that's that's where I was going,
Sonny.
And you know should be there because it's
their responsibility at the end of the
day, if there's any delay, you know,
we we are not creating any delays.
Our job is to process a link if there's
any delay from Amex site,
we have a relationship manager over there
and we pick up the call and we try and
you know, expedite things. But that's it.
And it will be something from an ask
perspective and IT perspective that we're
building at that enterprise label from
those knowledge articles,
both internal articles.
So you're prozive guidance of your sales
internally,
but also external piece and stuff.
Yeah.
So just something to keep in mind,
take away and think about which.
If we're looking at how we initiate the
process, if you have a payment on, say,
ServiceNow,
which which adds the link of MX for
example,
and says this is where you have to go and
then also attaches the guide or or the
minimum and things what to do, that's it.
Yeah.
That's your formatted e-mail going
forward. You know, yeah, I think that's.
Where I don't see as much of that
happening in Australia because it's
manual forms and because we're emailing
the applicants directly to say this is
this information specifically,
you need to have right?
Or and we have eyes over the form before
it's submitted to the bank. So if.
Anything is not completed correctly if
something's not matching that we know the
bank's going to reject,
we can pick it up before it gets to the
bank.
So we have that advantage over the UKA
little bit.
I think it's probably to your point
though that it's the.
Knowledge is going to be overall,
you know,
I want to call requirement building
against. I've done it. You know,
that's sort of it's done.
Can you just do it? And my habit to mark,
you know,
it's not a shopping cart kicking them
upfront,
but this is the five steps in order that
will go to.
We're starting an expectation if you or
should expect that.
E.
We'd have a page on our finance
Australian Finance Intranet with all of
the details of our Australian process,
so we did have like step one is this Step
2 is this and this is how long you would
expect to wait or how long Thunder steps
could take.
So that side of things is kind of out.
They're in the business anyway,
just because from what we used to do,
but to formalise would be helpful, yeah.
Yeah,
I think I think it's worth bearing in
mind our mission for the sort of the
broader enterprise one stop shop through
employee centre and things.
I think there is there is the opportunity
to perhaps visit where some of the
knowledge is and see where there's an
opportunity to.
You know,
position some in the central central area,
you know,
aligned to the overall enterprise mission.
So that the old you know,
all of the audiences you know,
know what they're getting know,
know what the process is,
know what's typical across geographies,
etcetera. I think that'll be a useful.
Sorry.
Activity to do.
But like being,
it's not necessarily that you have to
create speeds and speeds of documents if
that page is still accurate and relevant,
we can link to that page from ServiceNow.
So it's just thinking that we have ways
that we can do.
That's good.
So new coming in on behalf of very
houseful,
there might be multiple peers like to be
multiple requests,
but typically it will be the person that
requires their corporate card will be
completing their business case.
You know the most it might have.
They might not within the case,
might be applicable small,
so that can be copied.
They don't have that. You know,
we'll give them that ability.
So there's not labour intensive for them
to complete that form.
And then and with you as you said then
the application.
I'm sort of skipping ahead as I tell the
story. Yeah.
Are you clear on the data captures from
the requester?
We covered that you have those. It's,
you know,
if we could get template of that
specification nature they got so then
that'd be very good.
Country specific.
We've talked about that the request
eventually is same and then it can be
applied to based on your location and
then you have very.
It's still even though one's online and
one paper you're still completing the
application.
You know the workload state is still
completing and you could be,
you know you capture that this was online
PDF. I think the online bit.
Do you want?
I mean for them to provide that
supporting evidence,
you need them to do that,
or you're assuming that they suppose
completed that application online. I mean,
once they've gone online from Ms,
they're probably a bad validation.
I don't know whether you need a
supporting evidence.
Pray or that they've done that. No,
I mean,
I think that that's how the status should
be changed to close from there. Yes.
So applications. Yes. Yeah. OK.
The the third function for that that it's
been application completed by.
We'll find that one of them on as well,
OK.
Yes, thank you.
And then that is then sent to your
another step sent to bank or corporate
car. And then you're waiting, I suppose,
to that point, you're waiting.
Confirmation of which?
Then you get that confirmation back.
As a group in Australia,
all the you think that comes back through
e-mail that you get,
that's yeah or phone call or whatever.
Yeah,
we get the confirmation directly from
Westpac because we're the one where the
team's submitting it. Yeah.
So we have all of the visibility of the
workflows between US and the bank.
OK. Thank you, Ken.
That's good.
Yeah.
So I think we get the confirmation and we
also get the cards and then we host the
cards down to the user, right.
So.
Yeah. So when we get the request,
then when it's approved by the business,
we go into the Amex portal and initiate
the application for them.
And then once we do that,
then we're happy with the application.
Sorry.
Like we like request a card basically on
that portal for them.
So then the end of it.
Widget who we've replaced the card for on
behalf of.
Then get an e-mail with two links and we
have to follow the steps on the links and
go through the portal and provide the
information that Amex and are asking for.
And then I believe we do get confirmation
back when that's done and then the cards
get sent to here.
And then if they're here,
then when we're in the office,
they come and pick them up.
And if they're in London,
we arranged for the Courier to go down to
London with the cards and then we send
them.
I have an e-mail to let you know that
that card's on the way,
and sometimes we do get asked if they are
like travelling and as an **** card we
can change the address to go to them
direct.
That's been far between the some urgent
cases we get back so the Westpac or Amex
will contact you know.
Application state application successful,
but at that point the card is still not
being issued.
That's just the fact that the application
has been done and there's another process
of that.
The individual then has to provide to
request the card. Is that right?
Not no application goes.
First back they put it through their
workflows and when we get the
confirmation notification back, yeah,
it's application's been completed.
Card has been issued, right?
So that basically happens same day.
So once we get that confirmation e-mail,
we know that we can expect to receive
that card within.
Five to seven business days,
so no involvement from the applicant or
on behalf of that point. No, not at all.
Until the applicant basically does not
have any involvement.
Once they've sent the forms back to us,
AP then manages everything else from
there until the card holder needs to pick
up their card.
So but the Amex they then have to do.
Please stay on the portal. Request card.
That's what we're saying.
But I they just have to fill out the
application.
So where Anna sends the forums,
that's part of it.
We don't send them a forum,
they we treat it and they go in online
and do that.
And once the cheques have been done by
the bank.
Still approved by Amex then,
I think we get a notification to see that
it's all approved. Again,
I'm still looking of an applicant,
so applications on cars being issued,
if that's that's all self-service we
could do deep link direct to Amex for UK
people.
To the when we get on to their
notifications,
they can be part of that link on their
part of their notification.
When we get on to that one in the UK,
they get that link.
OK.
And there's the then the current issue
and then it can be sent to.
And as part of the application,
the person may have said I'm going to
collect direct from the office mentioned
in mind.
Actually I'm now here in East Korea.
It's over there.
So it's now it's being card advantage.
If you don't have card is received,
do you want these to track that so that
there isn't delayed?
So you're expecting it to arrive,
but it hasn't yet arrived.
All of the cards in Australia get issued
or sent to Brisbane office,
so my team pick get all the batches of
cards and then send it out to the
relevant office.
It's similar to Warner on very rare
occasions.
When it's absolutely necessary, we might.
Arrange for a Courier direct to someone's
house.
But that's yeah feeling far between.
The standard is send it to the office
cardholder. We e-mail the cardholders,
let them know that that's happening.
So the day that we're sending them from
Brisbane, we will send an e-mail as well.
But notification to say it's coming.
Pick it up within a day or two from the
workflow. The application flow? Yeah,
e-mail sign.
But I was just thinking of the date,
but rather than having too many states,
you're waiting the card instead.
It can move into card with issues.
So the fact that within that is being.
Received an issue about with the you know
and then it's supposed complete
infergence with the cardboard.
You know now the cardboard. Yeah. Yeah,
but sorry, just Lorna. Currently,
if I'm wrong,
I think I got different interpretation of
you mentioned Josh.
Put in a deep link in the notification.
I think what happens is Lorna's team
initiate the application and then is it.
Amex will then send the link to the
applicant person that's requested.
You send the link. OK,
so you send the link to the applicant.
Yeah, you send the link to the applicants.
So AP you said Laura will send the links
as part of that notification of state
change that can be invented in their
notification that as you move to state
that that can be done for you and it
stands to link, isn't it? It doesn't have,
yeah, OK. And they need their.
They have an ID or is there something
that prompts them that that application
or it just is computing the applications
and it's and they have to?
You.
Yeah, is it is a replication of that, yes,
online application that's been filling
out all the information that the bank
requires for them because we're not
supposed to be doing that on their behalf.
So that's why we have to do it myself.
It's pretty straightforward.
You don't put those bouncing back that
this pending completes you know
incomplete.
So they have done it properly and.
They tend to be quite those particular
ones online because it's not paper,
it's probably a lot of validation if they
have a, if they have a question,
they will just chase us,
otherwise they submitted and if something
is wrong, it gets rejected.
And the link is always the same for
everybody. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And as far as I'm aware,
it's got instructions and it's quite easy
to go through.
It's like a standard forum that they need
to fill out where the mandatory fields
are there. So unlike Sandeep said,
if they've got any issues,
then they come to us and ask,
they're very identical address.
Work address all that,
but any notes that we said I think Mark
was talking about the non liquor schools
to make sure that those reduce theirs
throughout that whole process is freeze
and and can anyone in business
technically request this or?
With the application,
I know there's differences, partners,
etcetera, but technically anybody can,
but the business case as well and they
have to put on how much they would
they're about are going to spend on a
monthly basis if they come back and see
like they're only going,
they're only going to be spent and see if
I take by the month.
Then we would then push that back and say,
is there a chance that you could maybe
utilise the expense system and put
through that rather than get a card?
Because then obviously we have to pay for
the subscriptions to the cards when it
doesn't really.
It's not feasible to do that.
They're only going to be spending 50 a
month, so we are, we can push it back,
we do, but yeah, yeah.
So it's part of that.
These,
these these are some of the things that
we would you you're putting out in terms
of knowledge,
so highlighting you're almost asking the
leadership whether they could define that
Yeah.
as a policy such that there's a way that
you can, you know,
limit the amount of work you get you get
in because we're managing the expectation
before.
Even raise, raise the inquiry, right?
Yeah, that's it, Mark.
We do have a global credit card policy
that does outline some clear guidelines
as to who is eligible and what you are
eligible for to apply for corporate card.
So it's part of the kind of the Internet
page that Australia has been utilising
for us.
Four or five years,
some of the key points from that policy
has been included in that.
So really similar to Lorna.
We specified that if you're just applying
for a corporate card for potential
overtime expenses.
Then utilise our expense reimbursement
system.
Yeah.
Once they request a card and we get the
the notification and we send them the
business case e-mail template and it
comes back when we send that business
case e-mail template we've got like steps
on the e-mail that says like.
At least to have a valid business purpose,
if you're not.
If you're only going to be using it for
small spend, could you do utilities?
So it has detailed on it so that before
they even submit it,
they can read that and say well on that
basis,
I don't think if I applied for my card,
I'm going to get accepted.
So then that would just.
Like slop with that part of the long
example would be you.
You know how I get one doesn't apply to
me.
You know those types of things that will,
you know,
answer those questions upfront rather
than just. Oh,
I think I'll try and see if it's accepted
or rejected.
OK.
The the other thing we might you you
might want to consider it and again not
trying to solution too much,
but in the in the form itself.
If you have monthly spend you know then
they put a value in that's below whatever
say it's 250 or something and they put
any value in you can flag it up to say.
Oh yeah.
This isn't this isn't valid,
therefore you and therefore they can't
submit it, so it forces them to, you know,
really think about it and back out the
form before doing a submission.
So you could do something like that where
you put rules in the in that ballot,
you know,
in that estimated spend field to control
who submits.
Well,
the idea however many cases in Australia,
people have just gone and like changed
the their enrollment. Yeah, so we said.
Yeah,
but if even if the but the point is even
if they do that,
and then you reject what you can start to
do is gather the metrics and then take
that up to the leadership to say,
here's the behaviour you need to
reinforce the policy and reinforce the
behaviours.
So over time you use the metric data you
gather to change, you know, and then.
Enable the leadership with some
data-driven content to actually drive the
right behaviour.
Change that you want and therefore you'll
snuff it out over time.
Yeah. I mean,
we have been trying to do that in
Australia. The UK are much better than US,
Australia,
there's a bit more of a culture of I
deserve a corporate card not I need a
corporate card.
So we've been trying to move everyone
Yeah.
away from that with the business case
templates and with.
The spend the estimated spend limits with
approvals and you know for the additional
measures that we have,
but there are still cases that we have
partners coming to us and say no,
I'm approving for my staff and the type
of corporate card just give it to them.
And there's not much we can do to push
back against that, unfortunately.
So I I'm just. I'm not against it. Sorry,
mark.
Then.
I'm just questioning how valid it's going
to be for my purposes in Australia.
And I think we have a lot bigger of a.
Well.
We have over it's very close to 700
corporate cards in issue around Australia
and it's we're processing more
applications than we can cancel in the
last 12 months, so.
Yeah, but I think again,
maybe it's something we,
Yeah.
even though it might not have an
immediate impact,
it would be something that would enable
you to have metrics, you know,
real proper data that says this is how
many.
And the other thing you might choose to
do as an organisation is use some to take
your point about the sort of 700.
Across you could direct you know by
method you could say this.
This actually costs each whether it's
each office or each partner.
You could say by your choice by your just
give it to my staff.
This is what it costs you and although
you can do some although it's wooden
dollars,
you could probably do a cross charge.
Position to say there this is what that
cost means,
and again sometimes that enables an
organisation to take a step back and go
actually do we really need those?
Because if it if you know if it isn't all
about the bottom line and the profit for
the for the partners.
That would be something that you'd want
them to be thinking about.
No, completely I think.
Agree with you, Mark,
I think we need to look into that.
At least this flow will allow you to
report on. I mean, not that.
So now it's going to report the
behaviours that you already know,
but it gives you the supporting evidence
that these have been injected because
you've got court cases you can report on
them. Well, you know,
it gives you that evidence upfront,
but I think alluded to that there was the
ability, if you wanted it.
While she's got the upper limits,
you've also can set lower limits,
but that can come from the insights on
the rejection rates that you've got that
we can build that in as well.
Is it possible to carry?
Is that my name in the workflow?
Is it possible first service now on that
manager's approval to directly send the
link if you're auk based application,
but the forms directly if you're an
Australian application,
so the team don't need to do any steps in
between. Yeah.
So for the go back to the so if it goes
into that.
Approval.
But you're sending the link they would
put that department notification that
we're getting to. So we have.
That's fine with groups where because you
in this domain,
this location that can be done,
but we're then you're saying for the
alien to attach different forms of the
service now can you?
If there's any like any of those instead,
yeah, I wonder.
I'm just thinking about that Muslim
direction rather than whether they link
those forms.
Be so these are two PDF forms as part of
the Westpac application,
I didn't hear. Sorry. I I didn't hear.
so APEX has the link online which is
standard for everybody to complete in the
UK and the Westpac have two PDFs that the
people from Australia fill in.
And to return.
So I'm saying and the question from
Lauren is,
can those two forms be attached to the
notification triggered by managed by
approval step step?
Basically a status change.
And I'm just looking for your direction
on that feasibility and whether it's
something.
I've I've seen. I've seen that. Yeah,
I've seen that before. So sometimes,
Yeah.
you know,
especially if there's sort of data to be
populated that then comes back in.
I've seen elements of that.
I'll probably bow to Parrick's guidance
on that. And he's got his hand up.
Yeah.
Brilliant. I'll let you go, mate. Go on.
Great. Thanks, Deborah.
Just those two PDFs,
are they attached to the actual request
or are they going to be attached to the
tasks because we can pick pick up from
both basically as long as we can identify
and distinguish?
Those forms from each other,
either by a name or something.
Yeah,
they're both to be completed for that
workflow.
They're part of the one to one
relationship for that application.
The point is we put a link to where
Good.
That's right.
they're stored and then they're completed
or where there was part of service.
Now they are PDS. They're not,
they're not.
Yeah. So.
They're not forms to be completed at an
attachment. I mean,
S.
it would be easy to have a link to a
local intranet page or something that
Both options work.
someone can still click on the link and
download the forms themselves because we
can do that,
we can house the forms online on our
intranet instead, yeah?
You're right,
that would be a better option because
obviously you don't want to keep keep
service as a document store.
So if the documents have to be downloaded
again and edited,
And it was actually, yeah.
I would say we can send the link to that
Internet page in the e-mail.
Yeah,
that could be really good because one of
That's much better, yeah.
the forms does get updated you on an
annual basis usually.
So it would be much easier for us to then
change that when it's appropriate control
Yeah.
Absolutely agree, yeah.
of that. So that URL.
Yeah, that won't change. Changing. Yeah.
Then similar to the the fact that it's a
link internally. Well,
then it's link externally that could be
incorporated. Yeah, that would be helpful.
Notification. Yeah. Yeah. I mean,
that's easy for you guys.
That's really easy for us, too. Yeah.
And then you sort the ownership of where
it is, the updates.
Those forms? Yeah. OK.
That's a good landing. Thank you.
Yeah.
And what we can also do is we can have a
placeholder in the task which is
specifically for that and say can you
please paste the link here and that's
much easier then you can manage that link
within the task and then e-mail picks it
up as well as it turns out.
Because it's always going to be similar
character,
the apex is always the same link,
and for Westpac it's always the same link.
Therefore we can I mean in the conflict
that we're doing the part of your matrix
Hmm.
we can just maintain the link named,
you know it's not harm coded.
Yeah.
We can have the leak happens to change
and we can just change it in the the back
end and then the e-mail would pick it up
naturally, you know,
go and look for the new URL and it can be
updated.
So if you had for example to think about
the future scaling,
let's say you incorporate another card.
You will have another URL for where those
documents are potentially. Yeah,
the link for the UK cards doesn't come
from the EP team,
but I think that comes from Amex direct,
so once we initiate the application.
That then triggers to emails to be sent
to the individual and they need to follow
the instructions on them to complete
their application once their application
is complete,
we then get notification and we have to
go into the portal,
check that they've put all the correct
information in.
And then at that point, when we submit it,
then that's when the back and forth
happened between Amex and the applicant.
We only then get notified once the the
card disapproved.
Then it's on the street to us and then
you do that,
it's clarifying because I don't usually
do that part. So I was just making sure.
Thanks.
OK, that's good.
That's thought I've heard of applying for
fine for itself. Thank you.
OK,
so I think the good work for those the
stages including the notification up to
the data captured by the request as you
said, which is very it's regulatory,
isn't it,
they've got to you've got to comply with
the request from both providers.
Unit lands with that we discussed and
just to confirm,
I think there was that US one that one
land would be UK, is that correct?
They're going down the similar route to
the EE and the UK just now,
and it was a different process,
but are on boarding them through the UK
process very, very the US. Yeah.
So that will be assigned all to the UK
for the US.
We manage those ones going forward and
the is the link,
so the the detail that they need to
complete are similar to the UK.
So we have to align to that UK.
It's our same links saying annexes,
not second cases.
We don't know that yet because of course
like from. If you're from now,
I'm wearing a different type.
It's gonna be UK entity,
but the requesters or the users will be
based in the US,
so if you know like how those US
regulations are like the factor
regulations and all,
I don't know if there's gonna be
additional people work to be filled out
by then or not.
And before I left for my holidays,
it was just kind of like a discussion
that, yeah, they they're happy to do it,
but I don't know if they have any.
So there isn't given I guess something.
Yeah.
Different link as part of that whole big
different link and maybe couple of
additional cheques which they might need.
OK. Alright.
We catch that and when they're sent to
when Amex release them for the US.
Are they process or you get them all or
how? No. So we don't know.
We we don't do that at the minute so that
the USS will do their own before.
So we don't know.
So that's a discussion I think we can.
Yeah. Yeah. OK that's perfect.
I think because for us it will be
important as well once we onboard them
because we'll have to map all the
procedures and everything and add it at
the USPS as well.
Thank you.
There's notifications that we've stopped
with the links and then cards arrive,
and then they're issued.
And it would say to those complete and so
said, that's the nice happy path.
We're just carrying on and then we've got
the joiners movers leave the processes
and maybe promotions you have the right
to have a cars rather than wanting a car
and all that in between.
And then there's this sort of
cancellation process that may return.
I think one of your process.
So that it's not because they're leaving,
it might be endless secondment or A and
others maybe,
I don't know how many of those who you
have negative that overspend or we need
to cancel whatever for any other reason
but maybe that's the process that we can
just have.
Or do you have those?
They're coming often, endless comment,
maybe the endless comment.
It's an easy one to discuss.
So they're part of the application.
Do you capture if we can get that upfront,
you say effective end date and therefore
you already got the cancellation?
Process that could be a subtask of the.
Operation of the corporate powers,
the secondment side of things that more
in Australia it's more common that
someone is leaving Australia to 2nd into
the UK or a different office.
So for our secondments it's more
associated with the cancellation upon
leaving Australia,
which that then counts as the joiners
movers leave.
It's processed.
I think that's not believe this process
for like, yeah. So yeah,
I mean I think it's considered a lever
for for Australia. Oh, OK.
But I think secondment's short term
consequence will come in the UK.
OK.
Them and I believe when we get them,
we've got a log and we fill that out and
we put an end date of when the expected
secondment is going to end and then we
reach out to them near that end date to
see how should.
Secondment going to be extended or do we
cancel the card and then I think if it's
extended then it just goes down the route
of a new card instead of it being a
secondment card.
After that point I would need to check
that. So if we think about that,
so in the.
Creation of new that like would you
manage vendors?
That's a sub task of the overall process.
Could there be a factor that this type of
card is for?
So it's what it's being used for in this
case and if it's a comment,
you can have an effective end date.
That's part of your reporting or
dashboard. Yeah.
So it's not an actual process separate or
within our stands on its own,
but it's part of the overall workflow.
So you're capturing it.
We know it's for the Commons.
We know it's got an effective end date
and the approach that end date we've got,
we can help with dashboard that, you know,
confirm.
That it's going to be extended or we can
cancel the card. Yeah. I mean,
if we can have it as part of the
application workflow,
can we preset a date in ServiceNow and
say notify me in September 2027 for a
second that's ending in October 20, 2027?
So we can notify the application
applicant,
notify all your dashboards that has a you
know it depends with your notifications
you know when they're in the past,
but you can have because it's all your
dash. Yeah. Yes,
you can have either sometimes with high
The.
volumes you just get slowly.
You get so many notifications that
Yeah, that's what.
they're white noise effectively.
Yeah.
And some people put them into another
inbox so you don't even read them,
but you could have it that to set the
behaviour and notifications are good,
but then you get used to going to the
dashboard where you can see it's coming
to a end date,
but either the notifications work quite
Yeah. So.
well.
In support of that, yeah,
some of those where it's quite long
ranging,
having it on the dashboard that soon as
something comes into range,
it just pops up.
You know you the and I think that's what
Deborah is saying,
the risk of having high volume
notifications.
You know you can't always see the wood
for the trees,
but having a particular section of your
dashboard which highlights second is due
to conclude is an easy one because it's
it literally hits you real time.
You haven't got to leave the tool set to
go and look to see what other
notifications you've got.
Would be a real and also the advantage of
doing that is that if it's something that
a dashboard that all of your your group
can see, then everyone can see.
Everyone can catch it.
You know you can decide amongst you who's
going to pick it up and action it.
It becomes easier operationally.
I'm gonna add to that EU is actually
plural 'cause you're seeing.
It's agreeable with actually.
So we can't say it's applications would
be. Yeah. Yeah.
So if we have it on the dashboard,
everyone in the team sees it.
So it doesn't matter if someone has
processed the card for.
It's a comment they leave.
Anyone could pick it up? Yeah.
And it's kind of a set and forget, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, you can assign it to,
so if they're visually for all or you go
away,
some people pick it up and it's there,
as you said, if it's a long lead into it,
as Mark said that it can pop up.
So actually your dashboard changes that
you know,
otherwise if it's there on the left hand
side just growing in.
Approaching that date,
but if it's within a within a month,
it's coming up.
There's some activity that we need to
present.
What we also need to do is just join up
with the HR work stream, just in case.
Say, that's a condiments extended.
What we want to make sure is that you
know,
there's enough join up within the tool
that logically that trigger date then
moves.
Align with the secondary details.
I think, Marcus,
I think you think that the new card
request that comes from extended is that
right? Because it's expensive.
So you've just taken the words out my
mouth there, Mark,
I was just wanting to ask,
is there any cutover from the people's
requirement process that triggers any
part of this?
I think we do.
We need to take an action just to we
Yeah.
understand what you're what you're doing
operationally yourselves.
We need to take an action just to sort of
dovetail that in and make sure that
there's not any, you know,
from an enterprise level,
whether there's some advantages or
trigger points that we can utilise or at
But we can move that out. Yeah, yeah.
least catch.
So you don't get a false positive.
Thanks, mark. Yeah,
at the end of the day with Houston,
you won't be able to continue for them on
that secondment. The other, you know,
no structure with that process and then
use them just thinking along those lines.
Is there going to be capacity,
so there's going to be tasks that are
going to or workflows that are going to
move between teams.
So obviously without when we're looking
at our joiners, movers, levers,
continents for cancellations.
Laura,
Laura and I both go off that weekly
report,
but if it's being triggered by ask people
and off boarding and off board PDN or or
task with ask people,
can that then trigger?
Something that pops into accounts payable.
So rather than us relying on that monthly
Yes.
Yes, 100%.
or the weekly report,
it could be that we might just get in
like 3 individual off boardings in a week.
But we can just action them straight away.
Yeah.
And I think that's why we're saying that
we'll have that wider piece of discussion
that there's lots that can come out there
in the.
We would believe that the dependency that
can promote those past year,
Yeah.
that's totally what all that right and do
Pearson PD and we just want tasks or
'Cause it ultimate?
where we need to and who needs to see
them. Sorry mark.
Yes, no,
the the whole point here is that some of
that off boarding etcetera,
just as it'll trigger maybe a task to IT
to do some stuff,
it can trigger a task to you guys to take
some actions based upon the you know that
specific user.
So absolutely we'd expect that.
Then you've got cancellations for other
reasons.
I don't know whether they're for
grievances or it's being taken away.
Use of the card or unexpected spend.
I don't know if you have that in, Asher.
I'm sure not.
But I'm raising it whether for any other
reason you want to draw that card back.
Does that happen?
I cannot think of only one instance in
Australia and it wasn't a cancellation.
We called it a suspension and holds or a
credit card wrong. Basically,
the only way that we can do that with our
bank is just to reduce the limit down to
like a dollar.
So they can't use it for anything.
OK.
Because then it's it's technically still
active.
So when we have the authorization to then
you know,
act reactivate the card or unsuspend the
card,
we just put the limit back up to a normal
limit. It just it's a lot less.
And work for everyone across the board.
So,
but that's the only instance that I've
ever had for a cancellation for kind of
non departures. I'll find the. Yeah,
I'll be part of process even that.
Translation for any other reason you know
that said,
overspend behavioural on an individual
and you do the same thing.
You should put people down to.
I mean, I've been.
I don't like that first.
So I I don't think so.
We have any cases like that,
but you always need to track it if it
occurs.
But I think the bigger question is we
should have a process and yeah for
cancellation you I think that we it would
be better to have something formal on
just yeah we just don't.
I haven't come across any cases where we
have had to.
I think it makes it difficult,
like what are the parameters?
What are the examples where you would
cancel the card? But yes,
if if you agreed for a cancellation,
what is that action like comes out or
escalation out to the manager? Yeah,
of the individual, etcetera, etcetera.
So I think.
You don't have that in place. Nothing. No.
We can formalise that process or.
There's a few actions totally also,
so let me just ask you. Sorry,
that's very easy to take.
The actions I'm just explaining,
we've got super abnormal.
So it's like AI that records all the
lines, which is the thing, yeah,
which I can write so much of it.
I'm I'm doing both.
It's what it was. Don't worry.
There'll be a list. Still come free.
At that point, so.
That's microphone and then it will be
captured for action.
Yes, sorry, on on that one.
Some of these things is even if you
haven't had to execute on it year to date
is worth and I may have missed the
agreement,
is the decision to actually say we should
have a cancellation,
a known defined cancellation process?
Yeah, I've got a follow on. Yeah, yeah,
yeah. Noted that dude.
Marcus SDI thing on our side.
So we'll pick that up. Yeah, I think,
Good.
Mark, the point is,
I'm raising is that yes, we have never.
OK.
Fortunately, we never had a situation.
But what happens if there is one?
Because we know that we don't have a step
by step guide for the guys, you know.
Correct.
And it's having that supporting evidence.
So again,
you know task against them and we,
you know we can suggest you know the
recommendations,
maybe it's a task against the managed
corporate card that's been created as sub
task which is limits you know these
scenarios limits.
Credit limit to one dollar 1 lbs up to
officially counselling.
I mean that might be as you said it
probably because you don't have the cases
to reflect upon that that the that you
might not want to go up to the point
where it's cancelled, it's just on hold.
We do run a report that if they've got a
minimum spend or no spend on the cards,
we reach out to the card holder to see if
they still need the card, and if not,
then we initiate the cancellation because
they're paying for the card that's not
being used.
So they would so they could be,
that's not.
So the reason is why? OK,
that's the secondment process,
Yeah, yeah.
so they're OK to keep the card to the end
of the secondment if the date changes,
we just need to update the end date if
they've reached the end of their
secondment and they want to keep the card,
they need to apply for a new card because.
A national reason for the business case
and the reason that they wanted the card
and actually,
as in its appointment anymore.
Yeah.
So they need to fill it in your rhythmic
case.
Just wanted to clarify that so that that
whole cancellation process is confusing.
You've got the secondment.
In there is then officializes that does
officially cancel a card and then they go
to a new application and then the process
that we talked about limiting the credit
limit and then upping it maybe and those
tasks.
But if we can formalise that sort of user
story, I think we've gone quite a lot.
Not there that we can suggest that that
becomes a formal process within whether
it's a sub task against the original cars
that they've applied for,
we can stuff all.
It's a service in itself,
but finally sort of managed corporate
cars or it's cancellation you've already.
Captures. Yeah,
actually want to have a really good shout
out about our dormant balances.
So if card hasn't been used in six to 12
months,
usually it's about 12 months or it's had
minimal spend in the last 12 months,
every six months we run a report to The
Who falls into that category.
And we strongly recommend that that card
is cancelled because if you haven't used
it in the last 12 months,
then obviously there's no business case
for you to keep it.
So I'd like wouldn't mind being able to
Yes.
So the cancellation could so the
build something like the reading.
cancellation could be triggered either
internally via that report or externally
Yeah.
via some, you know,
by an HR practise or whatever.
But the key thing is that there's a
number of scenarios that would drive that
for you to recoup your, you know,
you reduce your costs basically for that
Yes.
for that.
Account.
I was thinking similar to the scheduled
one that you had on the backs that you
could have already,
rather than you running the report with
that ask replacing that calendar event in
ServiceNow that you're running that
report.
So it's a triggered from your dashboard.
And then off the back of that,
you can have these cancellation processes
from there.
That's something you can do as well.
That sounds really good. Yeah, mark.
And we announced that that is similar to
a schedule trigger of a report.
And on the back of that,
the activity that comes out of that.
Yeah, for sure. Well, there's it. Yes,
it's the answer.
There's a number of ways of doing it,
but that will be logical.
Quick quick one from me.
I don't know if it's quick,
but it's question for Mark really.
Is there an opportunity for you to manage
a credit card as an asset because they're
requesting it they've been provided it
and then we can have a record of in
service now.
There is now. There's a balance here,
right? So if if if for example,
you didn't have particularly user
friendly routes into the banks to be able
to track who's had a card,
who's got a card, etcetera,
then you would consider, you know,
driving it as an asset,
saying that every card.
Unique ID on the card etcetera would
would be assigned to an individual as you
would any other you know,
device or whatever.
I think the balance here will be the
overhead to of the asset management
activities versus what you'd get through
the system visibility that the teams have
already. But you could track it.
On asset I've I've seen some
organisations do that,
but it you know it drives additional
rigour because ultimately you'd have to
audit that, etcetera, etcetera.
But it is a consideration I would.
Hello.
I would suggest that it's maybe something
we park and then just.
I thought, yeah.
Look at whether it's required or not.
I just parked it mark on the boards for
we could discuss and look at best
practise for that.
But it's possible.
And just to add the, I think and mark,
as I said,
compliance is the biggest part there.
As soon as you start holding financial
assets in the in the in the so it's not
platform similar to health as well.
We don't try and hold this confidential
data in the platform without having the
full rigorous you know diligence around
whether it's actually.
Needed and whether we'll be compliant
because you can get into all sorts of
Yeah.
trouble if if we end up exposing card
numbers for some, some reason etcetera,
Well, you, yeah, in the UK,
it'll be the PCIPCI compliance,
it's it's a lot of legal reasons, yeah.
Correct. Right. Yeah.
wouldn't it? So yeah, yeah.
And it's the balance of how much you
conducted compliance versus how much you
can get from that.
But we can park it and they track,
but that's good.
I there were two other processes that I
remember off top of my head was this
reconciliation.
There seems to be wanted to understand
that and there's salary deductions on the
back of it now,
so maybe we can take them hands in hands
as a reconciliation process.
Now that that's post.
Are being issues.
That's like the monthly reconciliation
for the payment of our facilities.
So like, you know,
your monthly credit card bill that we
have to pay every month,
then it's just making sure that it's
reconciling against in three E against.
It was an activity and a reconciliation
of the monthly schedules.
It might be balanced report for the
reports that you run.
It's a reminder to run the reconciliation
process of credit card to three. Yeah.
So I'd say, I mean, look.
There's a lot more to it.
There's a huge amount of work involved
for 700 in Australia.
I'm sure Australia AP does not do this
process, so don't worry about me,
that's that's looking happy. Well,
I'm happy to mention it but yeah,
so you don't do that process in Australia,
we do.
But it doesn't have AP,
it's it's with a financial management
team non a non ask team.
When we had that question today,
or would you because UK is doing it,
I'm not or UK does it? Yeah,
would you want it in the future to be
part of AP,
the credit card reconciliation?
No idea what I need to look.
A process is effective rather than being
assigned to.
I'm very happy for the other team to be
managing in Australia,
but it's on here because the UK do it.
The AP do it themselves and the challenge
was should AP Australia be doing it.
But as you said,
if you're happy that it's more.
The process level,
whether it should be handled in if we're
looking at globalised processes,
whether it falls under that.
Play song.
And that might be a question for the
target operating model in terms of where,
Yeah.
where is it best and most efficiently
done is there, you know,
OK.
is there better synergies for one group
to do it or the other that's a different,
different debate.
But as long as from our perspective,
if we've got a mechanism to catch the
task so that the start and end of the
task can be gathered that.
They was the demand consumption to be at
least calculated or understood.
Yeah,
and these these processes are scalable.
So it's not like we built it for the UK.
So it's the fact that you can build it
and if they were A and other comes, yeah,
that's for the US,
won't be involved in their reconciliation
differently. It's just a scalable model,
but you're using the same workflow.
Sorry Jill, I didn't need to interrupt.
It's all right. You weren't interrupted.
I was just thinking there.
I wonder as well if it's something that
we can.
I don't know if it's part of our service
design work that's going on.
And at the moment,
Lauren's just checking for me because
that's where we're obviously simplifying
after the service catalogue was created.
We've prioritised what work we're doing
to find out where that sits as well.
So OK, so I'm going to figure 94.
The UK process that,
that's a triggered reminder rather than
the past itself within, yeah,
because for Amex I believe our direct
debit for the payment of the cards comes
out on the 24th of the month.
So we need to make sure that we've
reconciled it so that when the payment
comes out the bank,
we've got all the information we need to
clear down that payment,
so that then it doesn't become a
reconciling item on the bank.
So it's just a scheduled request, yeah,
to prevent.
Any activities?
So you've reconciled check balances all
matches. Yeah,
because in all the transactions for Amex,
our own aim and bunch or expense platform.
So we are relying on the business having
done their part and being that Amex
support and getting it through timely.
And so that when the payment comes out,
the bank,
we can then match it down after any
reason that someone's not submitted a
report,
they really need to make the necessary
adjustments so that we can then clear the
bank item down.
So it sounds like a scheduled task that
you have like a bit like.
We've had we get the recommendation for
anything.
There's like a calendar of events.
We'll model it with standards service on
that. But would you want so for example,
that suggests the happy part,
but I'm reminded I do it, it's done.
But would there be root causes for the
reasons why?
There's some errors.
Do you capture or do you do that?
Once you're doing that reconciliation,
let's assume that you're actually
reconciling it.
It's all done and you can just close that
or on the back of that monthly you've
done, it's been reconciled.
Is there any post activity that comes in?
Generally that you then have to address
just if we've made any adjustments to
clear it down within metering one and
reverse them so that, yeah,
and I wonder whether that could capture
within that path the adjustments.
So post doing that reconciliation you
captured.
You know, future reporting, you know,
last month this this activity we have to
redo this activity we did so that you're
always reporting on it and then you over
time you get those insights actually the
next month's task is within error and it
stops those repeats.
Yeah. Would that be useful to have?
It'd be useful if everybody brought their
reports through and everything. I'm OK.
Yeah. I mean,
that could be a check of reports weren't
submitted in a timely manner,
and then that becomes the insight of
changing your behaviour.
Yeah, that's all for you too, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, you'd you'd expect.
You'd expect you to be able to use that
fact based KPI to then drive that game
back into the leadership team,
Yeah.
up the line to CID etcetera to start
communicating that across say This is why
it's important guys you know,
because it costs us from an operational
perspective X amount or X amount of
effort.
Because it's just failure demand.
Yeah.
I think that's and then one one thing
I'll come from is on the US as well,
whether we will run the reconciliation of
US or not because of the of USI think
that's probably a conversation across the
umbrella rule part is that a very sort of
progress only been interesting piece to
discuss is Nick.
Reporting to the same person and then
whether they want to take it or not.
But let's see.
Australia's taking back the
reconciliation process.
It's exactly the same as what the UK goes
through anyway. We what? Yeah,
one of us all. Yeah.
What has done offline here was, I mean,
yeah,
the only difference is the source of our
bank statements because it's different
banks,
but we have to cross check it against the
same data or you know.
Yeah,
data from the same expense management
programme put it into 3 E make the
adjustments to match the debits,
our debits come out about the 28th of the
month. So it's really similar. Yeah,
it was just handled by people. Things.
Yeah, for now. And does that probably.
I mean, I'll say that.
Does it still want to be captured?
You know we can assign it to a group
that's then captured, so it might not.
I mean, we're in AP today,
but it could be that that process still
is captured,
formalised and they get open fights for
learning any behavioural change from it.
Yeah.
Can you remind me of the team that does
financial management team? Well,
I think you as a group look, it's all,
yeah,
we had to clarify financial management
points on here. Yeah, yeah.
So it is decisions, but OK,
we call ourselves financial.
Technically they are.
They managed to all the accounts,
corporate accounts and everything.
They have fuel accounting team here,
but then what accounting is it called?
I think you should be called big man or
finance management team.
I think that's what I thought.
I think it's financial management.
Yeah.
Financial these guys,
these guys right now for the yeah,
sure there was.
I think he commented on they were called
financial management. Yeah,
they're the ones.
But they like comment that I put in
through all like the worksheet stuff.
Early on and we wanted to clarify you
financially, it's not getting asked.
It's once they didn't ask. Yeah.
And I just got right,
but it's potentially could be a sign that
similar path that you're doing,
but to capture those invite.
OK.
Yeah.
Good.
I think that is that workflow of credit
cards for the new application,
localization reconciliation salary
deduction off the top of my head.
There was a process for.
Now is that on the basis of that,
they spent items on their corporate card
that are deemed personal even though they
use their card for whatever reason,
their card will be accepted,
they're in the jurisdiction,
but whatever it might be.
But then from that reconciliation process
then.
Triggering a family deduction because all
they can be separate.
Can they the deduction process separate
to the monthly reconciliation process and
it's triggered by when local payroll is
processed because the report that both.
UK and Australia run is sent to local
payroll and the payroll team actually
process the deduction from the salaries
we just give them the information to do
so. OK, so it's a task,
it's a task that you run.
Monthly or UK don't do it monthly. Yeah,
Australia do it fortnightly. OK. And that.
And what's your report that you're
running against? What? What?
You're that you're using?
So the process starts with someone
spending.
Like getting an Uber on their corporate
card? At least that we all our expense.
Will we see it through the coding in our
expense management system? OK.
So that's kind of the first point that we
might see. You can see that something is,
yeah,
someone's going to allocate that expense
to my personal spend on a corporate.
Card code and so on.
A fortnightly in Australia or monthly in
the UK whenever we need, when we need to,
we will run a general Ledger report on
that personal spend general Ledger code
out of three E directly because all the
information from our expense manager and
system.
Into 3A,
so it's easier for us to extract that
specific code. Reports against that,
have they? Yes, that's all spends. Yes.
OK. So it has to be marked against that.
OK. Sorry.
So we'll run the report to extract that
information off that specific code out of
3A.
And then we cleared it,
send it off to payroll and say these are
the people that need their salary
deductions.
You do it. It's still a talk.
That means that we capture so again
similar to the following of the reports
for reconciliation, we can run it as a.
And.
Port type activity,
the fortnightly yours is once a month.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, it's the same process.
It's different frequencies because it's
dependent on when payroll is run. Yeah.
OK. And that sounds like a happy part.
It's captures given to payroll.
Do you want to capture that task?
So it's new.
Even to payroll closed with no payroll,
don't come back with any further
questions, no questions asked of. Yeah,
yeah. No rejection. No.
And do you ever find anything?
So that's been marked on the Ledger as.
Personal spend.
You also find them proactively like that
looks unusual,
even though they've said it's open
Spanish. Actually, personal then,
and then you follow that same process
where you mark it or rectify in the
expense tracker if well in that example
if you see transaction that is.
Coded to a normal expense code,
but you think it might be personal.
You would never pick that up like we
would never call that out because that's
not really our place that they pay that
it would be more reliant on the budget
holder to kind of pick that up and say,
hey,
I actually don't know it was so much a
happy part based on a report. Yeah,
it literally whatever.
Is processed as our personal spend on
corporate card code is what we provide
payroll.
It's kind of no questions asked because
it's not our place to decide on someone
else's behalf what should or should not
be a personal spend.
No. Simple. Yeah.
We do check errors,
but because sometimes have coded it
incorrectly,
so when we're doing the reconciliation,
if usually they always write personal
expense. So you know that that's one,
but one that maybe they haven't wrote
that that could be a wee bit suspicious
if it is a high value.
We would push it back and ask them listen,
you've put that straight to this codes,
is that correct? Before we do it,
if it's only a few pounds,
like we don't scrutinise everything.
There is also partners as well because
partners should be coming out of a
different they shouldn't be getting it
taken out of a salary.
So we have to make amendments for that.
Those don't.
They don't have a deduction process,
full salary. They've got a statement.
The partners are separate.
They've got a different different codes
that they use, but they still haven't.
That's putting it through that.
Don't don't realise that there's two
separate codes.
I was saying I was just different code,
but there's still deduction process is
still the same. Yeah. Yeah.
Still going to be deducted for their
personal spend. OK. Yeah.
The partners deductions just don't go to
payroll.
There's a separate process for that, but.
It's just making sure that the right code
for a partner versus non partner is
selected,
so just going back to picking up for that
part of your reconciliation process that
you do.
So I'm wondering if the salary deduction
is a sub task of the.
Reconciliation process,
rather than separate,
it's separate for Australia because we I
would do it on a fortnightly basis where
I mean we would only be running the
reconciliation when it's triggered by the
monthly debit out of our bank account
this.
The deductions process is triggered by
when payroll is being processed,
so it's two very separate. Yeah,
like one is looking at just bank
statements and transactions spent.
The other one is looking at specific
codes. OK. So we can keep them.
You can keep them separate.
Yeah, yeah, makes sense.
OK, that's good. That's clear.
It's the happy path. As you say,
there wasn't a rejection,
that's all been done and I think it's
introduction process.
I think we've covered everything.
Cancellations,
application relations expenses,
Application UK,
American Express application you don't
think that's it? Yeah. I mean,
it's triggered looking at the expenses
and I think you've mentioned what you
doing but.
Actually,
maybe it's become part of an expense
process and then reversing that on's head
if there's a lot of expenses,
but someone's submitting when we get to
the expense theories.
If you turn that head,
actually you should have a corporate cast
that will be the reverse of what you're
saying to me,
that if you're spending so low to through
the.
The process that actually can expense is
really high and my problem triggers doing
the expense theories that we get to that
we turn that on.
We said that they should be applying for
public car.
Maybe that's I don't think that's the
case is the reverse of corporate car
through expenses or expenses.
The corporate card. Yeah.
And then I think there's been one example
in Australia recently that that's been
the case where someone's PE and myself
have both said, look, travelling,
it probably is worth having corporate
card because you're going travelling
quite frequently and the person just said
no, no, it's fine.
I'd rather get the points on my credit
card and just get reimbursed. So OK, yeah,
OK, you know that one?
Can I ask what the difference has been
the expense process you're running,
the one that we earn runs.
We.
You need Rhiannon and Abu Rhiannon. Yeah.
That's why it was funny. So, no,
she was Rhiannon expensive. So yeah.
So Rhiannon codes and submits the
expenses at the front end.
We audit and review the expenses at the
back end.
It's like a pre and a post. Yeah. Yeah.
Recipient of. Yes. For the. So, yeah,
same programme.
But just different functions. Yeah. Of it.
She's first part of the instead of the
partner or the P they just send the
information to the addon and then it
wants to association.
OK.
I think definitely call it break for
their for lunch. Yeah, perfect timing.
Say in a sense that we have looked at.
The manager in the vendor,
which will be part of the manage invoice
process. Oh yeah. Sorry. Yeah.
Look at the comfort cards and then we can
take a quick lunch break, please.
In the army.
So do we still have any sort of cards
process to review?
Cards.
We have invoices coming up payments,
so no cards, right. Yeah. Cards done.
Mm-hmm. What would the cash cards.
So we've got apartment cards and that we
use and we also have cash cards.
So the cash cards are for employees that
are doing sister office travelling.
So we are they might be going in there,
maybe going down to London for a week.
Rather than them taking their own card
using the money out of their own account,
basically we give them a corporate card
so that they can use that.
So we've got the reconciliation for that
and the each department in self or some
department not each of them,
we've all about paying.
That and off the top of my head,
and they have got an NatWest credit card
where,
like operations teams and events teams
where they maybe need to order something
there and then you can have a statement
for that as well.
It's a green thing about what we
discussed today too.
We're all boarding that card.
So you've applied for from the beginning,
applies for department cards,
that has to be applied for.
So what sort of process is that?
So they get assigned to somebody is going
to name person under that.
That I believe is dealt with the
procurement team just say Ross Paul
candles.
That part of it.
So I'm not sure how he deals with that.
We just do the reconciliation of the
account, OK.
So they so department cards and cash
cards,
cash cards raising that is a process that
you don't you don't do that part.
The cash cards we do.
Yeah.
the Rose ball kind of procurement team he
takes to do with the data management
centre that we just do,
the purely the statement make to clear it
down for a pain of coming out.
But the cash cards are managed by AP, so.
So we would maybe get an e-mail request
done from someone saying that they're
going to be travelling in down to London
for a specific a week or two. Yeah.
And then we need to get their managers
approval approval.
And then we need to give them the cards,
and once it's been approved that their
manager said, yeah,
they are going down the approve from
getting a card to. I want a card.
I want a corporate card so it can be I
want a card and then pick up cases.
I'm going through the week field.
You're not issuing a credit card.
You could go through the same sort of
process.
Could you for issuing with a OR is it
here it is. They just come and get it.
Yeah, well,
basically they just e-mail them to say
that they've got that.
They're going down to London for sister
office travel.
That is the only reason that the.
Ask Ashley for sister office travel.
Basically,
the other ones who don't might not be
eligible for an Amex because they might
be at a junior rule, for example,
because they still want to spend,
but they don't want to spend that one
personal and get a dream versus player.
Yeah, exactly. So they're the ones like.
No, I want you to pay. So give me a pass.
But not MX, still will come.
Could it still come through the front
door requested you are.
So thanks to the fact that they know
they're calling cash card.
But it could be what the category they
call it listing Sister office for. Yeah.
Those credit cards are those being loaded
debit.
Yeah, top of cards. You know,
like top of cards, like, you know,
some sort of balance in there, isn't it?
Yeah, it's the in cash plus.
So it's the the employer.
So we can only manage that and just see
what the spend is and we talk up the
account as and when they're spent because
there's particularly maybe times in the
year that.
People are travelling more than others
and we just top up the account to be at
that front door,
capturing them as part of your knowledge,
asking or you know you've there's this
card available. They can request it.
So because they're selected visiting the
office or covering office or.
And that that shuts out a lot of the
process,
but you still capture that you're issuing
a card, so it's managed under the same.
Well, it's just a different type,
which is that they call cash card,
but there's still a card.
And because they have free balance of
preloaded cars,
the risk is less as well because we know
what is.
What is what we're doing approval.
There's an approval process.
Is that the manager that we still? Yeah.
Not the first time. Yeah, for my card.
We have to get the managers approval.
So we get that usually in form of an
e-mail. And then once we've got that,
we then arrange to be in the office on
the day that the.
And need that for that. You. Seriously,
we usually end certain days of the week.
So we try and coordinate it right about
that.
If they are travelling urgently and
they've just been told of it then we
arranged to come in probably three of
those phases that we discussed of
corporate cars who've got renewal request
approval.
And then issued effectively and so we can
incorporate that into that.
I was just going to ask if these people
are requesting a card like just to come
into the office like temporarily not
constantly,
do they then have to return the card
after or yes,
I mean we usually once they finish their
truck.
Can you turn it back?
You can capture something from that you
know return base. Yeah, we've got.
We've got a log so.
But basically when we hand out the cards
we've got,
we've got a list of like the card numbers.
And who's got that card? And when it ends,
yes. But you could use it. Yeah. Yeah,
yeah.
Do you have a standard pre loaded amount?
It's standard or is it a matrix of role
and etcetera for the pre loaded amount
it's just the cards number like the cards
details who's got the card when they're
returning so that we can then go in and
if they don't return it to us then we can.
Up and say, well, your travels.
Now you talk like you've came back from
your travel like you need to hand us back
that category.
And if it has for any reason that they've
extended that,
then we can update the login and if not
for anything on the yes,
it's just like like.
We're told that the event and we just
manage the account balance and do the
manual payment as and when required.
So do you do the balance to use a exit
handover balance return balance?
You check it so that it's got the money
on it. So when we we send out.
Monthly statements.
So when they return the cards to us,
we tell them they need to give a hold of
the receipts because once the statement
comes out,
we will be sending it to them for them to
code it,
get approval and give us the receipts so
that we can then.
In process onto the system,
but we go into the account every week and
we've got like just in our own head that
we know that that that is a process.
And if it fall,
if the balance falls below a certain
amount,
then we top it up just so that it's
that's a weekly.
Request calls. Yeah, yeah, as well.
But we could trigger.
So you can do that activity and then it
sounded like you reconcile.
So the reconciliation process and the
major or main reconciliation process.
Yeah.
And then there's a schedule request for
that as well in to download the
statements and to upload them in time for
month end,
because that isn't a direct day,
but as such that comes out.
But we need to make sure that it's time
for so that reconciliation process,
but we're talking that month and you
could have the cash cards,
you know you could have your.
Activities, if it was taken, go to,
you know,
rather than the whole cash cards
reconciled and the other activity that
you recognise the checklist and then like
all this.
And if there's any special purchases on
that card,
are you still doing the salary deductions?
The back of it?
I'll be that that would depend on where
they've quoted it to the quoted stuff and.
We don't if they don't have the receipt
for it, then they've already spent it,
so we can't unless it's a a cost that
they have.
They're disputing that when we send the
statement out,
they come back and say I didn't use the
card for that. Then we reduce the dispute.
But if they've coded it and like said
that they've spent that,
but they just have misplaced the receipt
or maybe didn't get a receipt,
then it does sound like that cash card
reconciliation then like we talked about
happy path for reconciliation or?
I'm sorry, we've got to,
maybe they just need to be that ability
to dispute or they raised.
I mean that's exceptional,
but it could be built into the workflow
just to capture it.
And so cash cards and then the issue of
that can fall under the service of
managing corporate card and the request
and department cards reconciliation
family the same way. Do you reconcile?
Because that for your reconciliation
process as well, yeah.
So we download the statements at the
start of the month and the direct debits
usually taken about the 27th,
28th of the month.
So we send them out at the start of the
month again like that with they're
spending money on it,
we asked them to keep the receipts
because.
We will be sending them out monthly
statements,
but they can and all that anyway because
they've got the cards.
So it's like a monthly process.
We'll send the statement of their spend
for that month.
They get approved quota and send it back
with the receipts and then we process it
onto the system in time for the direct
debit to be taken.
And is there a case where the department?
And all goes together to something,
and multiple people might be spending on
the same day,
and they've all got to keep their own
receipts that happened.
Or is it normally issued 1 to one because
department cars 1 to one? Sorry.
Department. Department cars. They should.
Whoever has got the catch and all this.
On it,
we have had occasions that someone's had
a card and someone's got hold of that
card for whatever reason and have spent
on the card and we've had to cancel it
because then that person,
when it comes to reconciling the account
or the statement at the end of the month,
they've got all these transactions and
then they can't manage it.
These don't know who had the cards at
certain times,
so we asked that if it is a departmental
card that one person is responsible for
that so that they what's going to be so
the business will one to one.
The department is still for all we go
issuing 1 to one.
And the names pass been saying the cash
cards 1 to one name pass. Yeah,
they're responsible for that. Actually,
during those dates. Yeah.
Not something we want to be honest about.
At least on the cash cards.
You tried push back, but yeah, I mean,
it's kind of the business requirements
sometimes, which I don't get it.
But it was like it was ages ago when they
like when the office first started and
the legal analysts were doing a lot of
that came about. Yeah. So when when,
when some of them I remember like two or
three of them when they expired we didn't
renew them.
We want to minimise and try and phase it
out as much as possible but again.
We we can't do it very much.
They'll be in the, you know, as you said,
juniors or they want to travel their rent
costs more than they've ever and you know,
budgets limited.
So I understand the needs, Sandeep,
is this something we're picking up for
the?
US as well. Also,
there's no cash card or it's just like
the corporate and it's OK.
Department cars in the US. No,
I don't think so. Yeah, even if they are,
they will deal with it.
They're just picking up. That makes sense.
No, you're not. It's UK manage under this,
still global.
Yeah,
I think we've called 11 processes in
there with stuff being my details to
bring it up to 1.
So that's good for that's cash cards.
Yeah. And I think we'd get some lunch.
Yeah, we all everybody,
1:45 returns 12:45 one.
What if we do well,
we let me have a look the the two options,
invoice payments and manage manage
expenses.
OK.
There's a big topic,
but you have lots of manage payments for
hospitality, for rent for, you know,
it was a long. There was a lot in there.
Yeah.
Yeah,
because payments can loads of because it
actually, again not trivialising.
There's lots whether the managing
invoices,
but is the payment on the back of the
invoice.
Maybe since that would be there,
but maybe I mean.
Invoices first up. Yeah,
I think that's yeah, yeah. Invoice.
Oh yeah, sorry, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. But they are separate. Yeah,
I agree.
When we were looking at sort of standard
offering or what's best practise that the
payment becomes a sub task of the overall
environment. Yeah.
Yeah, right. 1:45. Shall we? Yeah.
What it's two Okie dokie.
See you in a bit.
See you in a bit. Bye.
Yeah.
Do you want to put your finger in charge?
I'll probably share some more.
Would it be? Let's look,
I think seriously. Is it? Yeah.
Just when you put so this one's fully
charged. I was fully charged.
That's quite good, actually, Timmy. Sir.
I mean, if you want to call for charge,
something the big of the.
That's some you,
that's some you've heard of? Yeah.
Interest in the department. Yeah. Yeah.
But one, yeah, these these charge don't.
They're fully charged. They've got 4 bars.
That's not some.
I have to be back. Yeah. It's charging.
Yeah, OK. They are right for lunch.